{\rtf1\ansi\deff3
{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss Helv;}{\f1\froman Symbol;}{\f2\froman Times New Roman;}{\f3\fswiss Arial;}{\f4\fmodern Courier New;}{\f5\fnil Tms Rmn;}{\f6\fnil Courier;}{\f7\fnil MS Serif;}{\f8\fnil MS Sans Serif;}{\f9\fnil Times;}{\f10\fnil Helvetica;}{\f11\fnil System;}{\f12\fnil New York;}{\f13\fnil Geneva;}{\f14\fnil Marlett;}{\f15\fnil Wingdings;}{\f16\fnil Brush Script;}{\f17\fnil Gill Sans;}{\f18\fnil Letter Gothic;}{\f19\fnil News Gothic;}{\f20\fnil Perpetua;}{\f21\fnil Photina Casual Blac;}{\f22\fnil MT Extra;}{\f23\fnil MS LineDraw;}{\f24\fnil Algerian;}{\f25\fnil Arial Rounded MT Bo;}{\f26\fnil Bookman Old Style;}{\f27\fnil Braggadocio;}{\f28\fnil Britannic Bold;}{\f29\fnil Brush Script MT;}{\f30\fnil Century Gothic;}{\f31\fnil Colonna MT;}{\f32\fnil Desdemona;}{\f33\fnil Footlight MT Light;}{\f34\fnil Impact;}{\f35\fnil Kino MT;}{\f36\fnil Wide Latin;}{\f37\fnil Matura MT Script Ca;}{\f38\fnil Playbill;}{\f39\fnil News Gothic MT;}{\f40\fnil Lucida Sans Unicode;}{\f41\fnil Calisto MT;}{\f42\fnil Abadi MT Condensed;}{\f43\fnil Copperplate Gothic;}{\f44\fnil Comic Sans MS;}{\f45\fnil Lucida Console;}{\f46\fnil Arial Narrow;}{\f47\fnil Arial Black;}{\f48\fnil Book Antiqua;}{\f49\fnil Century Schoolbook;}{\f50\fnil Haettenschweiler;}{\f51\fnil Garamond;}{\f52\fnil AvantGarde;}{\f53\fnil Bookman;}{\f54\fnil Helvetica-Narrow;}{\f55\fnil NewCenturySchlbk;}{\f56\fnil Palatino;}{\f57\fnil ZapfChancery;}{\f58\fnil ZapfDingbats;}{\f59\fnil Modern;}{\f60\fnil Script;}{\f61\fnil Roman;}{\f62\fnil MS Dialog;}{\f63\fnil LinePrinter;}{\f64\fnil CG Times;}{\f65\fnil Univers;}{\f66\fnil Univers Condensed;}{\f67\fnil Monotype Sorts;}{\f68\fnil ITC Zapf Dingbats (;}{\f69\fnil Bodoni-DTC;}{\f70\fnil Dom Casual;}{\f71\fnil Fette Engschrift;}{\f72\fnil Franklin Cond. Goth;}{\f73\fnil Franklin Extra Cond;}{\f74\fnil Franklin Gothic;}{\f75\fnil Garrison Cond. Sans;}{\f76\fnil Garrison ExtraBold;}{\f77\fnil Garrison ExtraCond.;}{\f78\fnil Garrison Light Sans;}{\f79\fnil Garrison Sans;}{\f80\fnil Goudy Old Style;}{\f81\fnil Kauflinn;}{\f82\fnil Optimum;}{\f83\fnil VAG Round;}{\f84\fnil Village Square;}{\f85\fnil Windsor;}{\f86\fnil Windsor Condensed;}{\f87\fnil ProseAntique;}{\f88\fnil Arial Alternative;}{\f89\fnil Arial Alternative S;}{\f90\fnil Map Symbols;}{\f91\fnil Univers (E1);}{\f92\fnil Fixedsys;}{\f93\fnil Terminal;}{\f94\fnil Small Fonts;}{\f95\fnil TrekCon2;}{\f96\fnil Dark Forces Font;}{\f97\fnil HM Phonetic;}{\f98\fnil MS Dialog Light;}{\f99\fnil MS SystemEx;}{\f100\fnil Mistral;}{\f101\fnil Vivaldi;}{\f102\fnil Gradl;}{\f103\fnil Stencil;}{\f104\fnil Bauhaus 93;}{\f105\fnil MS Reference 1;}{\f106\fnil MS Reference 2;}{\f107\fnil Times New Roman Spe;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\stylesheet{\fs20 \snext0 Normal;}
}\pard\plain
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0001}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Title Page}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} D0YQ8V}
\pard\qc {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} Dark Forces;specifications}
\f2\fs24 
\par \b\fs72\cf1 DARK FORCES
\par \plain\f2\fs16 
\par \b\fs56\cf1 UNOFFICIAL
\par SPECIFICATIONS
\par \fs48\cf2 v 3.01\plain\f2\b\fs48 
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\qc\tx4785\tx8605 \uldb Welcome\plain\f2\fs20 {\v IJYP8N}
\par \uldb What's new in 3.01 ?\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 32S6YVV}
\par \uldb General Description\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1GDVT.W}
\par \fs12 
\par \uldb \fs32 File Formats\plain\f2\fs32 {\v 7T4OJA}
\par \fs12 
\par \uldb \fs32 Reference\plain\f2\fs32 {\v IOD2QD}
\par \fs12 
\par \pard\qc \uldb \fs20 Authors and Credits\plain\f2\fs20 {\v U0PZRU}
\par \ul Copyrights\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 53GC2Q5}
\par \pard 
\par \pard\qc \uldb Show Accelerator Window\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 7WP8X8>menu}
\par \pard 
\par \pard\qc \fs16 The Dark Forces Unofficial Specifications are Copyright (c)
\par Yves Borckmans, Jereth Kok, Alexei Novikov, David Lovejoy 1995-1996
\par No part of it may be reproduced without the authors express and written consent.
\par \pard \fs20 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0002}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Welcome Page}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IJYP8N}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} welcome}
\b\fs32 Welcome to the "DARK FORCES SPECS" !
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Quoting DF Specs v. 1.00:
\par \tab "As you will rapidly see, there are still a lot of unknown things in these specs. But as they are diminishing very quickly, I found it was time to write them down in a "formal" way, which can serve as a reference."
\par 
\par So this is version 3.01 of the DF Specs! I (Jereth) have been very privileged to have been asked by Yves to become a co-author. Hopefully now there will be more frequent updates since there are now four of us working at it, but as nearly everything about DF has been discovered, and Jedi Knight is rapidly approaching, updates may not be a necessity after all!
\par 
\par And I (Yves) am very happy to have those knowledgeable friends share the work with me :-)
\par \pard Jereth is completely right : those Specs are now nearly finished (after nearly two years !), and I believe the following updates will be more oriented to the Reference section than to real new discoveries.
\par 
\par However I (Alexei) tend to disagree with my collegues: there's still quite a few blanks in DF Specs: iMuse commands and EXE hack to name a few. Sadly, some of these blanks are critical: like we can't patch in-level music without knowing internal iMuse commands.
\par I hope we'll fix it soon.
\par 
\par And your servitors look forward to beginning work on the Jedi Knight Unofficial Specifications :-)
\par 
\par We will try to explain differences with DOOM level making where applicable, so if you have experience in that domain, look for the \b Doom note\plain\f2\fs20  hyper jumps in the header of some pages.
\par \pard Removing the Doom notes from the body of the text will make life simpler for newcomers, who have been buried in two jargons mixed together until now.
\par 
\par As always, nothing is as good as seeing how professionals do things, so don't hesitate to go and see an example of how the LucasArts team implemented what you want to do.
\par 
\par May The Force Be With You,
\par \tab Yves Borckmans, Jereth Kok, Alexei Novikov and David Lovejoy
\par 
\par \b Note\plain\f2\fs20  
\par We will frequently use the following abbreviations : 
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx735\cellx3965\pard\intbl DF\cell\pard \pard\intbl Dark Forces\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx735\cellx3965\pard\intbl LEC\cell\pard \pard\intbl LucasArts Entertainment Company\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx735\cellx3965\pard\intbl SC\cell\pard \pard\intbl sector\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx735\cellx3965\pard\intbl WL\cell\pard \pard\intbl wall\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx735\cellx3965\pard\intbl VX\cell\pard \pard\intbl vertex\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx735\cellx3965\pard\intbl OB\cell\pard \pard\intbl object\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx735\cellx3965\pard\intbl TX\cell\pard \pard\intbl texture\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0003}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} What's New Page}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 32S6YVV}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} what's new ?}
\b\fs32 What's new in Specs 3.01 ?
\par \pard\li275\fi-275 \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Version 3.01 
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 introduces as new authors people who have done so much for DF Specs
\par \pard\li275\fi-275 \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 matches the HTML Specs 3.01 exactly
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 corrects some minor errors in 3.00
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 File Formats\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Made some important corrections to the \uldb JEDI.LVL\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 31EZZ3Q} description.
\par \pard\li275\fi-275 \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Made a very minor note about Walk: in the \uldb Adjoin/Mirror/Walk Mechanism\plain\f2\fs20 {\v C3UZXR} description.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Made some additions and corrections to\uldb  Sector flags\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3OGFO15} and \uldb Wall flags\plain\f2\fs20 {\v ARA1YH}
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Updated \uldb Object Sequences and Logics\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1O9E5I1}, \uldb Generators\plain\f2\fs20 {\v HJTVQH}, and the \uldb Full Logics list\plain\f2\fs20 {\v .42_7H}
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Made an addition to \uldb MSG files\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1FDCZ78}
\par \pard\li275\fi-275 \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Completely overhauled the \uldb INF section\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 10X52AP}
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Made additions and changes to \uldb BM\plain\f2\fs20 {\v DA7PHK}, \uldb WAX\plain\f2\fs20 {\v G9W2_8}and \uldb 3DO\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1BGXUW2}descriptions.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Added a \uldb CUTMUSE.TXT\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 97IOA3} section.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Changed and added to the \uldb GOL file\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 6E52LF} description.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Updated the \uldb DFBRIEF.LFD\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 184Q0WE} contents list.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Alex Novikov gave us some extra info for the \uldb GMD\plain\f2\fs20 {\v IDUI90} description.
\par \pard\li275\fi-275 \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Added a \uldb VOC\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 124D03V} file format.
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 Reference\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Made some additions and corrections to \uldb Limitations on objects\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3H1OBU}.
\par \pard\li275\fi-275 \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Added the \uldb Metrics\plain\f2\fs20 {\v _EYDJV} topic.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Added \uldb Textures.gob (A-N)\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1B33_.P} file list.
\par \pard \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Added \uldb Textures.gob (R-Z)\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1.3Q9W_} file list.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Added the \uldb Resources Cross Reference\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 0ZLFI3} lists.
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Author and Credits}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} U0PZRU}
\pard\keepn \b\fs32 Authors and Credits
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Note -- there have been changes to Jereth Kok's, Carlos Gomez, David Lovejoy's and Serge Debroeyer's e-mail addresses.
\par \i\b\fs24 
\par Authors
\par \plain\f2\i\fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20   \b Yves BORCKMANS\plain\f2\fs20  (\f4 Yves.Borckmans@ping.be\f2 )
\par   \b Jereth KOK\plain\f2\fs20  (\f4 jereth@alphalink.com.au\f2 )
\par   \b Alexei NOVIKOV \plain\f2\fs20 (\f4 anoviko@emory.edu\f2 )
\par   \b David LOVEJOY \plain\f2\fs20 (\f4 dlovejoy@nucleus.com\f2 )
\par 
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 Credits
\par 
\par \fs20 HELP WANTED
\par \plain\f2\i\fs20 If you have deciphered information that isn't covered in the Specs, don't hesitate to send it to us.
\par We'll include it in the next release.
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20   \b Serge DEBROEYER\plain\f2\fs20  (\f4 sdeb@rtbf.be\f2 )
\par \pard     for adjoin/mirror tips, some flags, some INF tips, complex sectors errors, ...
\par \fs12 
\par \fs20   \b Don SIELKE\plain\f2\fs20  (\f4 DSielke@aol.com\f2 )
\par     for the complete flags list, the -u option, ...
\par \fs12 
\par \fs20   \b Florian ENGELHARDT\plain\f2\fs20  (\f4 100442.2012@compuserve.com\f2 )
\par     for information on GMD files
\par \fs12 
\par \fs20   \b Paul NEMESH\plain\f2\fs20  (\f4 PNem@aol.com\f2 )
\par     for information and text on VUE files
\par \fs12 
\par \fs20   \b Randy GREENE\plain\f2\fs20  (\f4 rgreene@val.net\f2 )
\par     for information on event_masks
\par \fs12 
\par \fs20   \b Carlos GOMEZ\plain\f2\fs20  (\f4 CarGo95@aol.com)\f2 
\par   \b Jonathan WISE\plain\f2\fs20  (\f4 TheRedDeth@aol.com)\f2 
\par \pard     for information on frames and waxes
\par \fs12 
\par \fs20   \b Nicola SALMORIA\plain\f2\fs20  (\f4 MC6489@mclink.it\f2 )
\par     for information and texts on dfbrief.lfd and briefings.lst
\par \fs12 
\par \fs20   \b Michael TAYLOR \plain\f2\fs20 (\f4 MichaelLTa@aol.com\f2 )
\par     for information and texts on cutscene.lst and the 3DO description
\par \fs12 
\par \fs20   \b Carl KENNER \plain\f2\fs20 (\f4 Andrew.Kenner@Unisa.Edu.Au\f2 )
\par     for information and text on the FILM LFD resources
\par \fs12 
\par \fs20   \b Len BOWERS \plain\f2\fs20 (\f4 len@lenbow.demon.co.uk\f2 )
\par     for information on the LEV PALETTE entry, a sound list and for relaying other info to me
\par \fs12 
\par \fs20   \b Blake CROSBY \plain\f2\fs20 (\f4 bcrosby@interlog.com\f2 )
\par \pard     for a jedisfx.lfd sound list
\par \fs12 
\par \fs20   \b Peter KLASSEN \plain\f2\fs20 (\f4 101336.145@compuserve.com\f2 )
\par    for information on briefings, and finding and helping to figure out several new INF functions
\par \fs12 
\par \fs20   \b Anthony HALL \plain\f2\fs20 (\f4 Ehhbetsy@aol.com\f2 )
\par    for finding the INF texture function, and some metrics.
\par 
\par   \b Paulius Stepanas \plain\f2\fs20 (\f4 PStepana@VTRLMEL1.TRL.OZ.AU\f2 )
\par    for his textures descriptions.
\par 
\par 
\par Very special thanks to Daron, Ingar and Ray. You're the best !
\par 
\par \b\fs36\cf1 May The Force Be With all of You...
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Copyrights}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 53GC2Q5}
\pard \b\fs32 Copyrights
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \i\b\fs24 DARK FORCES\plain\f2\fs20 \tab is (c) LucasArts Entertainment Company
\par \i\b\fs24 DOOM\plain\f2\fs20 \tab \tab is (c) iD Software
\par 
\par None of these have anything to do with these totally unofficial specs, and shouldn't be bothered with them in any way.
\par 
\par \b\fs36\cf1 Thanks for those GREAT games...
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \i\b\fs24 DF SPECS\tab \plain\f2\fs20 \tab are (c) Yves Borckmans, Jereth Kok, Alexei Novikov, David Lovejoy
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Accelerator Page 1}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7WP8X8}
\pard \b\fs32 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \uldb Title Page\plain\f2\fs20 {\v D0YQ8V>main}
\par File Formats
\par \uldb Reference\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 7WP8X9>menu}
\par \pard\brdrb\brdrs 
\par \pard 
\par \b In 3D Engine
\par \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 GOB\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1N6TUVT>main}
\par \uldb LEV\plain\f2\fs20 {\v JTPX8Q>main}  \uldb O\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3FWI1Q>main}
\par \uldb INF\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 10X52AP>main}  \uldb GOL\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 6E52LF>main}
\par \uldb BM\plain\f2\fs20 {\v DA7PHK>main}  \uldb FME\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 4ONXKVH>main}  \uldb WAX\plain\f2\fs20 {\v G9W2_8>main}
\par \uldb 3DO\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1BGXUW>main}  \uldb VUE\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1ELY.CP>main}
\par \uldb PAL\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3PNJIKP>main}  \uldb CMP\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1BT9SQ>main}
\par \uldb FNT\plain\f2\fs20 {\v W3HJBN>main}
\par \uldb VOC\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 124D03V>main}  \uldb GMD\plain\f2\fs20 {\v IDUI90>main}
\par \uldb MSG\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1FDCZ78>main}
\par 
\par \b Out of 3D Engine
\par \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 LFD\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2FF..O5>main}
\par \uldb Jedi.lvl\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 31EZZ3Q>main}
\par \uldb Briefing.lst\plain\f2\fs20 {\v B2XP.5>main}
\par \uldb Cutscene.lst\plain\f2\fs20 {\v JUEH4E>main}
\par \uldb Cutmuse.txt\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 97IOA3>main}
\par \uldb ANIM\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 30X.Z8.>main}  \uldb DELT\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 32BOO__>main}  \uldb FILM\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1Q2SIX6>main}
\par \uldb PLTT\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1_FIRUD>main}
\par \pard \uldb FONT\plain\f2\fs20 {\v DNCAEV>main}
\par \uldb VOIC\plain\f2\fs20 {\v BBI2RV>main}  \uldb GMID\plain\f2\fs20 {\v KD_9JP>main}
\par \uldb MSG\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1FDCZ78>main}
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Accelerator Page 2}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7WP8X9}
\pard \b\fs32 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \uldb Title Page\plain\f2\fs20 {\v D0YQ8V>main}
\par \uldb File Formats\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 7WP8X8>menu}
\par Reference
\par \pard\brdrb\brdrs 
\par \pard 
\par \b Engine and .exe
\par \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 Cheat Codes\plain\f2\fs20 {\v ZW.DR5>main}
\par \uldb Command Line\plain\f2\fs20 {\v VZEPPP>main}
\par 
\par \uldb Scene Rendering\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 95CQX_>main}
\par \uldb Object Limits\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3H1OBU>main}
\par 
\par \uldb Metrics\plain\f2\fs20 {\v _EYDJV>main}
\par 
\par \b Description Lists
\par \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 Sounds.gob\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 19ZVI.K>main}
\par \uldb Sprites.gob\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1F.4HIP>main}
\par \uldb Textures.gob (A-N)\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1B33_.P>main}
\par \uldb Textures.gob (R-Z)\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1B33_.P>main}
\par 
\par \uldb Cutscenes LFDs\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 4P7LKRE>main}
\par \uldb Dfbrief.lfd\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 184Q0WE>main}
\par \uldb Jedisfx.lfd\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 32C6LZ7>main}
\par 
\par \uldb Resources X-Reference\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 0ZLFI3>main}
\par 
\par \page
\pard 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0004}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} General Description}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1GDVT.W}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} container;patching}
\b\fs32 General Description
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \uldb Containers and Patching\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2JJK.S2}
\par \uldb General File Description\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2JJK.S3}
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0005}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} General Description - Containers & Patching}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2JJK.S2}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} -u option;files;gob;gob and wad;jedi.lvl;lfd}
\b\fs32 General Description\line
    Containers & Patching\line
\plain\f2\ul\fs20 Doom Note\plain\f2\fs20 {\v DF0TWN}
\par \pard 
\par \i\b\fs24 Containers
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Dark Forces contains a huge amount of files, and these are grouped by type in what are called \uldb GOB\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1N6TUVT} files and \uldb LFD\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2FF..O5} Files.
\par They serve as \b containers\plain\f2\fs20  for other files which in turn contain information. 
\par GOB Files mainly contain data for the DF engine, while LFD Files contain the data needed for the Landru system (cutscenes, menus, briefings).
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 
\par Patching
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Files can be extracted from the \uldb GOB\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1N6TUVT} and worked upon, then be used in the game.
\par LucasArts made a very good job of this and prepared a path for users to modify levels.
\par If you want to make DF accept new or modified files, create a GOB file with them (say mylevel.gob).
\par Then use the following command line: \b dark -umylevel.gob\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard 
\par The order in which DF looks for a file is as follows:
\par \pard\li275 1) as a file in the installed directory
\par 2) in the GOB specified by -u...
\par 3) in its normal GOB in the installed directory
\par 4) in its normal GOB on the CD
\par \pard 
\par LFD resources can also be extracted and worked upon, but there isn't any facility to load them.
\par What you have to do is recompose the patched LFD, and set it in the installed directory, or in the LFD subdirectory of the installed directory. A LFD in the installed directory will be taken in preference to one in the LFD subdirectory with the same name.
\par 
\par Putting a patched LFD in a GOB and loading it with -u doesn't work.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0006}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} General Description - General File Descriptions}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2JJK.S3}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} files;jedi.lvl}
\b\fs32 General Description\line
    General File Descriptions\line
\plain\f2\ul\fs20 Doom Note\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1E929DK}\b 
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par Files critical to DF:
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx2095\cellx4355\pard\intbl JEDI.LVL\cell\pard \pard\intbl List of the levels\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx2095\cellx4355\pard\intbl TEXT.MSG\cell\pard \pard\intbl In-game text messages\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx2095\cellx4355\pard\intbl BRIEFING.LST\cell\pard \pard\intbl List of the briefings\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx2095\cellx4355\pard\intbl CUTSCENE.LST\cell\pard \pard\intbl List of the cutscenes\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx2095\cellx4355\pard\intbl CUTMUSE.TXT\cell\pard \pard\intbl Cutscene musics\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par 
\par The levels themselves are each composed of 6 files, found in dark.gob:
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx2125\cellx4395\pard\intbl name.LEV\cell\pard \pard\intbl geometry (static)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx2125\cellx4395\pard\intbl name.INF\cell\pard \pard\intbl workings (dynamic)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx2125\cellx4395\pard\intbl name.GOL\cell\pard \pard\intbl goals\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx2125\cellx4395\pard\intbl name.O\cell\pard \pard\intbl objects\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx2125\cellx4395\pard\intbl name.PAL\cell\pard \pard\intbl palette\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx2125\cellx4395\pard\intbl name.CMP\cell\pard \pard\intbl palette mappings\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par 
\par Resources:
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx2125\cellx7505\pard\intbl Textures\cell\pard \pard\intbl are stored in .BM  files, as are the weapons display, and so on.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx2125\cellx7505\pard\intbl Sounds\cell\pard \pard\intbl are stored in .VOC files (normal Creative Labs format).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx2125\cellx7505\pard\intbl Music\cell\pard \pard\intbl are stored in .GMD files (type 2 midi files)\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \pard\li345\tx2195\tx7575 
\par \pard\tx2195\tx7575 Objects are stored in the following files depending on their type:
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft704 \cellx2125\cellx3825\cellx7505\pard\intbl obj.3DO\cell\pard \pard\intbl 3D\cell\pard \pard\intbl object (real 3D)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft704 \cellx2125\cellx3825\cellx7505\pard\intbl obj.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl FRAME\cell\pard \pard\intbl (a "one view" object)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft704 \cellx2125\cellx3825\cellx7505\pard\intbl obj.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl SPRITE\cell\pard \pard\intbl (i.e. all the enemies)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft704 \cellx2125\cellx3825\cellx7505\pard\intbl obj.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SOUND\cell\pard \pard\intbl (any sound)\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx2125\cellx7505\pard\intbl 3D object motions\cell\pard \pard\intbl are stored in VUE files (normal 3D Studio format).\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0007}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} File Formats}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 7T4OJA}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} 3do;bm;cmp;fme;gmd;gob;gol;inf;lev;lfd;lst;msg;o;pal;voc;vue;wax}
\b\fs32 File Formats
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \fs24 In 3D Engine\cell\pard \pard\intbl Out of 3D engine\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \fs20 Container/Distribution\cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 GOB\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1N6TUVT}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb LFD\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2FF..O5}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b Level Related\cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 LEV\plain\f2\fs20 {\v JTPX8Q}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb JEDI.LVL\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 31EZZ3Q}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20      \uldb Sector Flags\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3OGFO15} \cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb BRIEFING.LST\plain\f2\fs20 {\v B2XP.5}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20      \uldb Wall Flags\plain\f2\fs20 {\v ARA1YH}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb CUTSCENE.LST\plain\f2\fs20 {\v JUEH4E} \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 INF\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 10X52AP}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb CUTMUSE.TXT\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 97IOA3}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 GOL\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 6E52LF}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 O\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3FWI1Q}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b Graphics Related\cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 BM\plain\f2\fs20 {\v DA7PHK}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb ANIM\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 30X.Z8.}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 FME\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 4ONXKVH}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb DELT\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 32BOO__}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 WAX\plain\f2\fs20 {\v G9W2_8}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb FILM\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1Q2SIX6}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 3DO\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1BGXUW}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 VUE\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1ELY.CP}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 PAL\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3PNJIKP}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb PLTT\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1_FIRUD}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 CMP\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1BT9SQ}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 FNT\plain\f2\fs20 {\v W3HJBN}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb FONT\plain\f2\fs20 {\v DNCAEV}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b Sound Related\cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 VOC\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 124D03V}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb VOIC\plain\f2\fs20 {\v BBI2RV}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 GMD\plain\f2\fs20 {\v IDUI90}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb GMID\plain\f2\fs20 {\v KD_9JP}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b Text Messages Related\cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx2225\cellx4495\cellx6945\pard\intbl \b \cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb \plain\f2\uldb\fs20 MSG\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1FDCZ78}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \uldb MSG\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1FDCZ78}\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0008}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} GOB Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1N6TUVT}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} gob}
\b\fs32 GOB FILES\line
\plain\f2\ul\fs20 Doom Note\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 4KTX.UP}\b\fs32 
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par GOB files are a repository for many other files, and are by far the best way to distribute add-on levels.
\par They contain a header with a signature, a data part and an index part.
\par 
\par \f4 GOB_Header IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7795\pard\intbl  GOB_MAGIC\cell\pard \pard\intbl char[4]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // 'GOB' followed by 0x0A\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7795\pard\intbl  MASTERX\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // offset to MASTERN\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par The embedded files follow, then comes the index.
\par 
\par \f4 GOB_Index IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7795\pard\intbl  MASTERN\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // number of files in the GOB\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7795\pard\intbl  INDEXES\cell\pard \pard\intbl GOB_Ix_Entry[n]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // one index entry per file\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par Where:
\par 
\par \f4 GOB_Ix_Entry IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl-195  IX\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl-195 long\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl-195 // pointer to start of the file\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl-195  LEN\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl-195 long\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl-195 // length of the file\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7795\pard\intbl\sl-195  NAME\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl-195 char[13]\cell\pard \pard\intbl\sl-195 // name of the file,\line
// null terminated\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0009}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} LFD Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2FF..O5}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format;LFD Files}
\b\fs32 LFD Files
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par LFD files contain various resources, mostly sound and graphics.
\par You don't need them to create a new level, but for things like cutscenes and briefings.
\par The Dark Forces LFD format is completely compatible with X-Wing and Tie\'a0Fighter LFD files.
\par 
\par \f4 LFD_Ix_Entry IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7795\pard\intbl  TYPE\cell\pard \pard\intbl char[4]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // type of the resource\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7795\pard\intbl  NAME\cell\pard \pard\intbl char[8]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // name of the resource\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7795\pard\intbl  LENGTH\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // length of the resource\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par Then LENGTH bytes follow the header.
\par 
\par The first index entry is of type RMAP, and contains the list of all the sections in the .LFD file.
\par This is similar to the GOB Master Index.
\par 
\par The other sections can be:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5665\pard\intbl \b Section\cell\pard \pard\intbl Description\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5665\pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 ANIM\cell\pard \pard\intbl animation, this is a collection of DELT\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5665\pard\intbl DELT\cell\pard \pard\intbl static image in delta format\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5665\pard\intbl FILM\cell\pard \pard\intbl 'script' referencing the other resources in the LFD\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5665\pard\intbl FONT\cell\pard \pard\intbl font\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5665\pard\intbl GMID\cell\pard \pard\intbl General Midi music\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5665\pard\intbl PLTT\cell\pard \pard\intbl palette used for ANIM and DELT\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5665\pard\intbl VOIC\cell\pard \pard\intbl VOC (standard Creative Labs format)\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:000a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Jedi.lvl}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 31EZZ3Q}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} jedi.lvl;level description}
\b\fs32 JEDI.LVL
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Contains a list of the levels in DF.
\par 
\par \f4 | LEVELS 14
\par \f2 
\par This is the number of entries in JEDI.LVL
\par 
\par \f4 | Secret Base,        SECBASE,   
\par \'5c L:\'5cLEVELS\'5cSECBASE\'5c;L:\'5cLEVELS\'5c;L:\'5cLEVELS\'5cBM-GEN\'5c;
\par \'5c L:\'5cLEVELS\'5cPALETTES\'5c;L:\'5cLEVELS\'5cBM-IMPER\'5c;
\par \'5c L:\'5cLEVELS\'5cHOLDER\'5c
\par | ...
\par \f2 
\par This is the definition for a level. The first entry is the description (eg. "Secret Base") to be shown in the mission menu in DF.
\par 
\par The second entry is the name of the level (e.g. SECBASE). It will be applied in the following areas:
\par 
\par \tab levname.LEV
\par \tab levname.O
\par \tab levname.INF
\par \tab levname.GOL
\par \tab levname.PAL
\par \tab levname.CMP
\par 
\par \tab DELTlevname
\par \tab ANIMlevname
\par 
\par \tab LEVELNAME entries in headers of LEV, O and INF files.
\par \pard 
\par \tab LEV entry in BRIEFING.LST
\par 
\par To successfully change the name of a level, its name must be changed in all of these as well as in JEDI.LVL.
\par 
\par 
\par The paths stored are unused, and were most probably referring to the LucasArts file server at development time.
\par 
\par The remainder of this file contains the names of all the levels in Dark Forces.
\par 
\par \page
\pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:000b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} LEV Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JTPX8Q}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adjoin;lev;mirror;sector;texture tables;vertex;walk;wall}
\b\fs32 LEV FILES
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par LEV files contain a complete level geometry. They are in a quite complex text format.
\par They are also huge (generally > 600K), but this isn't a problem, as you really cannot edit them as a text file, because of the many dependencies between the geometry elements.
\par 
\par \uldb Geometry Elements\plain\f2\fs20 {\v QYOBRM}
\par \uldb The Adjoin/Mirror/Walk mechanism\plain\f2\fs20 {\v C3UZXR}
\par \uldb A Quick Note on Texturing\plain\f2\fs20 {\v IAC24V}
\par 
\par \uldb File Format\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2S1W_MC}
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:000c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Geometry Elements}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} QYOBRM}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} layer;sector;vertex;wall}
\b\fs32 Geometry Elements\line
\plain\f2\ul\fs20 Doom note\plain\f2\fs20 {\v UISHW}\b\fs32 
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par The basic geometry elements of a DF level are :
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx985\cellx7225\pard\intbl \b VERTEX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 a point in a 2 dimensions projection (X and Z)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx985\cellx7225\pard\intbl \b WALL\cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 a line joining 2 vertices\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx985\cellx7225\pard\intbl \b SECTOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 a collection of walls generally closed, can contain "gaps" or other sectors\cell\intbl\row
\pard\tqr\tx2125 
\par \pard As the game works with a two dimensions projection, the third (Y) dimension is coded at the sector level by a floor altitude and a ceiling altitude.
\par Note that this imply that floors and ceilings of a sector are always \b FLAT\plain\f2\fs20 .
\par 
\par Sectors can however be \b layered\plain\f2\fs20  on top of one another to give a "full 3D" feeling. 
\par 
\par Each sector is coded with its walls and vertices, and is completely self contained 
\par 
\par The relation between sectors is done at the wall level by the \uldb adjoin/mirror/walk mechanism\plain\f2\fs20 {\v C3UZXR}.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:000d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Adjoin/Mirror/Walk Mechanism}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} C3UZXR}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} adjoin;mirror;walk}
\b\fs32 Adjoin/Mirror/Walk Mechanism\line
\plain\f2\ul\fs20 Doom note\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 17IZ12W}\b\fs32 
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4\fs16 1--------2    Sector 1 has 5 vertices (0 to 4) marked 0 1 2 A B
\par |        |                 5 walls    including AB (wall 3)
\par |   S1   |
\par |        |    Sector 2 has 4 vertices (0 to 3) marked 0 1 B A
\par 0---B====A                 4 walls    including BA (wall 2)
\par     | S2 |
\par     1----0
\par \f2\fs20 
\par 
\par It is VERY important to note that there are 2 vertices at point A, two vertices at point B and 2 walls marked ==== . As I said earlier, sectors are self contained.
\par 
\par  So, to come back to the adjoin/mirror/walk mechanism, if S1 and S2 must be connected, an adjoin/mirror relation must be established.
\par \f4\fs16 
\par +----1---+
\par |        |
\par 0        2
\par | 4    3 |
\par +---+====+
\par     1  2 3
\par \pard     +--0-+
\par \f2\fs20 
\par This is quite simple : the adjoin is the number of the connected sector, and the mirror is the number of the connection wall.
\par 
\par So we would need to set:
\par \pard\fi705 in S1 : W3.adjoin = S2 and W3.mirror = 2
\par in S2 : W2.adjoin = S1 and W2.mirror = 3
\par \pard 
\par If there is no adjoin/mirror relationship, the values for adjoin and mirror will be -1.
\par 
\par 
\par Walk values seem to have no effect at all in a level, but they are mostly set to the same value as adjoin.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:000e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} A Quick Note on Texturing}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IAC24V}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} texturing}
\b\fs32 A Quick Note on Texturing\line
\plain\f2\ul\fs20 Doom note\plain\f2\fs20 {\v THTI62}\b\fs32 
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par When you have adjoined sectors:
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx5095\pard\intbl TOP\cell\pard \pard\intbl is ABOVE the ceiling of the other SC\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx5095\pard\intbl BOT\cell\pard \pard\intbl is BELOW the floor of the other SC\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx5095\pard\intbl MID\cell\pard \pard\intbl is everywhere you can see through to the other SC\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par Of course, the MID texture is not shown when walls are adjoined, so that you can see through!
\par (Note: WL flag 1, bit 1 forces it back in place. See \uldb Wall Flags\plain\f2\fs20 {\v ARA1YH})
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:000f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} LEV File Format}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2S1W_MC}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format;LEV file}
\b\fs32 LEV File Format
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par The LEV file is composed of 3 parts:
\par \pard\fi705 \uldb Magic, Version number and general level info\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1_9TRSQ}
\par \uldb Texture Table\plain\f2\fs20 {\v FLCCLV}
\par \uldb Geometry Description\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3YRBHS} i.e. sectors, walls, vertices data
\par \pard 
\par The following \b comments\plain\f2\fs20  are accepted:
\par \pard\fi705 # comment
\par DATA # comment
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0010}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} LEV Magic, Version number and General Level Info}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_9TRSQ}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} LEV file}
\b\fs32 LEV Magic, Version number and General Level Info
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \i\b\fs24 Magic and version number
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par This is trivial.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx4065 \pard\intbl \f4 | LEV 2.1\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par \i\b\fs24 General Level Info
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par This part contains the following data (sample from secbase.lev):
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx4065 \pard\intbl \f4 | LEVELNAME SECBASE\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx4065 \pard\intbl | PALETTE   SECBASE.PAL\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx4065 \pard\intbl | MUSIC     AVENGE.GMD\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx4065 \pard\intbl | PARALLAX  1024.0000 1024.0000\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par It seems that LEVELNAME isn't used at all by DF.
\par MUSIC is also unused, because musics are hardcoded in dark.exe.
\par (AVENGE.GMD doesn't even exist in DF, I think it is a Tie\'a0Fighter music !)
\par 
\par PALETTE determines the palette (PAL) used in the level, you may change it.
\par 
\par PARALLAX determines how much the "exterior" backgrounds scroll as you turn.
\par 1024 1024 means as you turn around 360 degrees, you will see 1024 pixel columns of background sky.
\par Vertical PARALLAX is similar, although of course you can't pitch 360 degrees in DF.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0011}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} LEV Texture Table}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FLCCLV}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} LEV file}
\b\fs32 LEV Textures Table
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par As there is a lot of TX information in a level, a texture table is created to avoid storing TX names in full at each occurrence.
\par 
\par Coding sample :
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx5055 \pard\intbl \f4 | TEXTURES 85        # number of textures\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5055 \pard\intbl | TEXTURE: TEX00.BM  # texture 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5055 \pard\intbl | TEXTURE: TEX01.BM  # texture 1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5055 \pard\intbl | ...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5055 \pard\intbl | TEXTURE: TEX84.BM  # texture 84\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par Afterwards, all the textures are referred to by their 0 based index in this texture table.
\par 
\par Note that changing TX names in the TX table may be an ultra fast way to relook a level !
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0012}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} LEV Geometry Description}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3YRBHS}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} LEV file}
\b\fs32 LEV Geometry Description
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par The first data is the total number of sectors in the level :
\par 
\par \f4 | NUMSECTORS number_of_sectors
\par \f2 
\par Then each sector is described, with its vertices and walls.
\par Please note that the wall data is on ONE line, but has been split here for visual convenience.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl \f4 | \uldb SECTOR\plain\f4\fs20 {\v 4M1__EO} scnum\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl |  NAME             sector_name\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl |  AMBIENT          20\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl |  FLOOR TEXTURE    80 -0.38 -0.06 2\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl |  FLOOR ALTITUDE    0.00\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl |  CEILING TEXTURE  0  0.00  0.00 2\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl |  CEILING ALTITUDE -12.00\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl |  SECOND ALTITUDE   0.00\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl |  \uldb FLAGS\plain\f4\fs20 {\v 3OGFO15} 0 0 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl |  LAYER            1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl |\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl | \uldb VERTICES\plain\f4\fs20 {\v 3TWCRZ} numvx\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl |  X: 252.00 Z: 224.00 # a vx\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl |  ...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl |\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl | \uldb WALLS\plain\f4\fs20 {\v AM1RWW} numwl\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl |  WALL LEFT:  0 RIGHT:  1 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl \'5c       MID:   0  0.00  0.00 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl \'5c       TOP:   1  0.00  0.00 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl \'5c       BOT:   2  0.17  0.00 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl \'5c       SIGN: -1  0.00  0.00\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl \'5c       ADJOIN: 57 MIRROR: 0 WALK: 57\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl \'5c       \uldb FLAGS:\plain\f4\fs20 {\v ARA1YH} 0 0 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl \'5c       LIGHT: 5\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl |  ...\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par 
\par Hmmm... heavy information!
\par Click a section to take it apart, it's not too difficult.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0013}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} LEV Geometry - Sector}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4M1__EO}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} LEV file;sector}
\b\fs32 LEV Geometry\'a0-\'a0Sector
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl \f4 | SECTOR scnum\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par This is the sector number, it is zero based.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl \f4 |  NAME             sector_name\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par This is both a link to the .INF file and a useful reminder.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl \f4 |  AMBIENT          20\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par Ambient light level in this sector.
\par Note that this value is used in GROMAS to indicate an amount of red fog, not a light level.
\par This is a good demonstration of the use of the CMP files.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl \f4 |  FLOOR TEXTURE    80 -0.38 -0.06 2\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par The TX to apply to the floor of the SC as an index in the TX table.
\par The following two floats are the X and Z offsets by which the TX must be moved before being mapped.
\par The third (int) value is unused.
\par It seems that floor textures must be 64x64, or the game engine does strange things.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl \f4 |  FLOOR ALTITUDE    0.00\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par The altitude of the floor of this SC. Note that the Y axis goes "down", so higher altitudes have lower values.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl \f4 |  CEILING TEXTURE  0  0.00  0.00 2\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl |  CEILING ALTITUDE -12.00\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par  Same as floor.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl \f4 |  SECOND ALTITUDE   0.00\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par This is used to indicate a second "floor" altitude in a sector. For instance, a second altitude of 4 will make you "enter into the floor" 4 deep. It will in addition make the sector water like and generate a splashing sound. If you set a negative second altitude, you will be able to walk higher on the sector, provided you also enter the sector higher. This is the way platforms are created (the platform object is only a visual clue).
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl \f4 |  FLAGS            0 0 0\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par Three flags, the second of which is never used in the 14 original levels.
\par Change various things in the sector. See \uldb Sector Flags\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3OGFO15}.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx5625 \pard\intbl \f4 |  LAYER            1\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par The layer on which the SC is (positive, 0 or negative).
\par This value is used in the game to make different maps corresponding to zones of altitude.
\par Note that this is only a logical grouping, but is also used by the map in the game.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0014}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} LEV Geometry - Vertices}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3TWCRZ}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} LEV file;vertex;vertices}
\b\fs32 LEV Geometry\'a0-\'a0Vertices
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx4355 \pard\intbl \f4 | VERTICES vxnum\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par This is the number of vertices that this SC has.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx4355 \pard\intbl \f4 |  X: 252.00 Z: 224.00 # a vx\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par List of the vertices.
\par X and Z are trivial.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0015}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} LEV Geometry - Walls}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} AM1RWW}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} LEV file;walls}
\b\fs32 LEV Geometry\'a0-\'a0Walls
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx4635 \pard\intbl \f4 | WALLS wlnum\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par This is the number of walls that this SC has.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx4635 \pard\intbl \f4 |  WALL LEFT:  0 RIGHT:  1\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par These are the origin and destination vertices for this wall.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx4635 \pard\intbl \f4 \'5c       MID:   0  0.00  0.00 0\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par The TX to apply to the middle of the WL as an index in the TX table.
\par The following two floats are the X and Y offsets by which the TX must be moved before being mapped (remember Y goes down).
\par The third (int) value is unused.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx4635 \pard\intbl \f4 \'5c       TOP:   1  0.00  0.00 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx4635 \pard\intbl \'5c       BOT:   2  0.17  0.00 0\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par Same as MID
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx4635 \pard\intbl \f4 \'5c       SIGN: -1  0.00  0.00\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par A sign is a second TX on the same WL, its main use is to place switches.
\par First is the TX to apply to a sign on the WL as an index in the TX table.
\par The following two floats are the X and Y offsets by which the TX must be moved before being mapped (remember Y goes down). Also note that this is relative to the texturing of the wall. So if you offset the WALL, you have to add this offset to that of the SIGN.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx4635 \pard\intbl \f4 \'5c       ADJOIN: 57 MIRROR: 0 WALK: 57\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par See \uldb The Adjoin/Mirror/Walk mechanism\plain\f2\fs20 {\v C3UZXR}
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx4635 \pard\intbl \f4 \'5c       FLAGS: 0 0 0\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par Three flags.
\par Change various things in the wall. See \uldb Wall Flags\plain\f2\fs20 {\v ARA1YH}.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx4635 \pard\intbl \f4 \'5c       LIGHT: 5\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par Relative modification of the luminosity on this specific WL.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0016}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} LEV Sector Flags}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3OGFO15}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} flags;LEV file;sector flags}
\b\fs32 LEV Sector Flags
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \i\b\fs24 FLAG 1
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl\qr \f4\b Bit\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl Description\cell\pard \pard\intbl Comment\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \plain\f4\fs20 1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl EXTERIOR - NO CEIL.  (SKY)\cell\pard \pard\intbl Note: actual ceiling limit will be the ceiling altitude + 100\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl DOOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl instant door\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl SHOT REFLECTION / MAG.SEAL\cell\pard \pard\intbl walls, floor and ceiling reflect weapon shots\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl EXTERIOR ADJOIN\cell\pard \pard\intbl will adjoin adjacent skies\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl ICE FLOOR        (SKATING)\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl SNOW FLOOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl no apparent effects\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 64\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl EXPLODING WALL/DOOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl instant exploding door\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 128\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl EXTERIOR - NO FLOOR  (PIT)\cell\pard \pard\intbl Note: actual floor limit will be the floor altitude - 100\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 256\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl EXTERIOR FLOOR ADJOIN\cell\pard \pard\intbl will adjoin adjacent pits\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 512\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl CRUSHING SECTOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl vertically moving elevators will crush the player\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1024\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl NO WALL DRAW / "HORIZON"\cell\pard \pard\intbl removes walls of a sector
\par\intbl (sector must be sky and pit to work properly)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 2048\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl LOW  DAMAGE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 4096\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl HIGH DAMAGE\cell\pard \pard\intbl both can be combined for GAS\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 8192\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl NO SMART OBJECT REACTION\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 16384\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl SMART OBJECT REACTION\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 32768\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl SUBSECTOR \cell\pard \pard\intbl no apparent effects\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 65536\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl SAFE SECTOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 131072\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl RENDERED\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 262144\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl PLAYER\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 524288\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl SECRET SECTOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl increments the %secret when entered\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par \b Note on the Smart Objects: 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Smart Object Reactions will cause doors and CERTAIN elevator classes to react to enemies. There are two values, not a toggle, because Flag doors by default react to smart objects, and INF elevators by default don't react.
\par 
\par These are the elevators than can react to smart objects:
\par \f4 basic
\par inv
\par basic_auto
\par morph_move1
\par morph_move2
\par morph_spin1
\par morph_spin2
\par move_wall
\par rotate_wall
\par door
\par door_mid
\par door_inv
\par \f2 
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 FLAG 2 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par is unused.
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 FLAG 3 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par When "message: system lights" is sent (e.g. in TALAY when you turn on the generator), the engine copies the value here to the Ambient of the sector.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0017}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} LEV Wall Flags}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ARA1YH}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} flags;LEV file;wall flags}
\b\fs32 LEV Wall Flags
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \i\b\fs24 FLAG 1
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl\qr \f4\b Bit\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl Description\cell\pard \pard\intbl Comment\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \plain\f4\fs20 1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl ADJOINING MID TX\cell\pard \pard\intbl the MID TX is NOT removed\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl ILLUMINATED SIGN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl FLIP TEXTURE HORIZONTALLY\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl ELEV CAN CHANGE WALL LIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl WALL TX ANCHORED\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl WALL MORPHS WITH ELEV\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 64\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl ELEV CAN SCROLL TOP  TX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 128\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl ELEV CAN SCROLL MID  TX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 256\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl ELEV CAN SCROLL BOT  TX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 512\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl ELEV CAN SCROLL SIGN TX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1024\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl HIDE ON MAP\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 2048\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl SHOW AS NORMAL ON MAP\cell\pard \pard\intbl i.e. light green\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 4096\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl SIGN ANCHORED\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 8192\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl WALL DAMAGES PLAYER\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 16384\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl SHOW AS LEDGE ON MAP\cell\pard \pard\intbl i.e. dark green\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 32768\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl SHOW AS DOOR  ON MAP\cell\pard \pard\intbl i.e. yellow\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par \i\b\fs24 FLAG 2 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par is unused.
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 FLAG 3
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl\qr \f4\b Bit\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl Description\cell\pard \pard\intbl Comment\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \plain\f4\fs20 1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl CAN ALWAYS WALK\cell\pard \pard\intbl Player will climb any height\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl PLAYER & ENEMIES CANNOT WALK THROUGH WALL\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl ENEMIES ONLY CANNOT WALK THROUGH WALL\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx985\cellx4395\cellx9065\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl CANNOT FIRE THROUGH WALL\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par \page
\pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0020}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} INF Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 10X52AP}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} INF File}
\b\fs32 INF FILES
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par INF files control the dynamic workings of a level. They are text files written in "The INF programming language". 
\par 
\par INFs accept C like /* */ comments.
\par 
\par They are made up of \b item\plain\f2\fs20  definitions, which are linked
\par \tab to the SCs via the SC names
\par \tab to the WLs via the SC names and WL number
\par 
\par \uldb INF File Format\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 51V5UJ}
\par \uldb The INF programming language\plain\f2\fs20 {\v H.01_6}
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0027}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} INF File Format}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 51V5UJ}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format;INF File}
\b\fs32 INF File Format
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Here is the header of the INF file:
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx4205 \pard\intbl \f4 |  INF 1.0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx4205 \pard\intbl |  LEVELNAME SECBASE\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx4205 \pard\intbl |\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx4205 \pard\intbl |  items 2\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par INF File version and level name, followed by total number of items in the file.
\par Don't forget to change this value when you add or remove items in an INF. 
\par 
\par 
\par Then follow the items:
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx4205 \pard\intbl \f4 |  item: sector  name: secname\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx4205 \pard\intbl |    seq\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx4205 \pard\intbl |     ........\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx4205 \pard\intbl |    seqend\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par A Sector Item.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx6685 \pard\intbl \f4 |  item: sector  name: secname  num: #wallnum\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx6685 \pard\intbl |    seq\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx6685 \pard\intbl |     ........\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx6685 \pard\intbl |    seqend\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par A Wall Item.
\par 
\par etc.
\par 
\par See also \uldb item: level\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2K04B2Q}
\par 
\par Each item follows the same format, structured by the \b seq\plain\f2\fs20  and \b seqend\plain\f2\fs20  statements, between which the definitions are contained.
\par 
\par Note:
\par More than one class statement is allowed per item.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0029}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} INF item: level}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2K04B2Q}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ambient sound;INF File}
\b\fs32 INF item: level
\par \pard \fs20 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 This is used to play entire level ambient sounds. Quite useless, but it might be needed if you've got a level with lots of water, wind or machinery and it saves you from putting lots of sound objects all over the place.
\par 
\par This is never successfully used in the original levels. There is, however, a failed attempt in EXECUTOR.INF which is where I found out about it from.
\par 
\par \i usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx6635 \pard\intbl \f4 | item: level\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx6635 \pard\intbl |  seq\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx6635 \pard\intbl |     amb_sound: [voc file] [num] [num]\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx6635 \pard\intbl |  seqend\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par I'm not sure what the 2 nums do, but including them seems to stop the sound from playing.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0021}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} INF Programming Language}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} H.01_6}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} INF File;INF programming language}
\b\fs32 INF Programming language
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Each item (apart from an \uldb item: level\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2K04B2Q}) will have one or more \b classes\plain\f2\fs20 . There are 3 types of classes:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1695\cellx7365\pard\intbl \uldb elevators\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2AHYFYP}\cell\pard \pard\intbl They dynamically modify sectors and walls\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1695\cellx7365\pard\intbl \uldb triggers\plain\f2\fs20 {\v G0N3MT}\cell\pard \pard\intbl When triggered, they trigger something in their clients\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1695\cellx7365\pard\intbl \uldb teleporter chute\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 820IEB}\cell\pard \pard\intbl A very special item used to "fall" to another sector\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par 
\par Each class will have several \uldb variables\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1MIY93R} that can be customized to change how the class functions.
\par 
\par \uldb Messages\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 21KX8IE} can be sent around a level to modify sectors, walls, and INF items.
\par 
\par There are a few special functions that can be executed: create an \ul adjoin:\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1.VRTSN}, \ul page:\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1XJ85BD} a sound, and display a \ul text:\plain\f2\fs20 {\v I7O0P3} message.
\par 
\par See also some \uldb new INF functions\plain\f2\fs20 {\v ID6FX9} that weren't used in the original levels, but were found in DARK.EXE
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0022}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} INF Elevators}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2AHYFYP}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} elevator;INF File}
\b\fs32 INF Elevators
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Elevators make sectors and walls dynamic. They can obviously be used to create lifts, platforms, doors etc., but you often also need dummy (i.e.  non-accessible) elevators for level control purposes.
\par \ul 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Elevators will usually have \ul stops\plain\f2\fs20 {\v I7NIFZ}, which are different values the elevator can arrive at.
\par 
\par Elevators may also have \ul slaves\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1A6KI4D} copying their actions.
\par 
\par 
\par Here are the elevator classes:
\par \ul elevator change_light\plain\f2\fs20 {\v IPAW6J}
\par \ul elevator basic\plain\f2\fs20 {\v IFL551}
\par \ul elevator inv\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2MY_5Y.}
\par \ul elevator move_floor\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 0OEO78}
\par \ul elevator move_ceiling\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1PHO5CE}
\par \ul elevator move_fc\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1ECG8GX}
\par \ul elevator scroll_floor\plain\f2\fs20 {\v DZYC3W}
\par \ul elevator scroll_ceiling\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 9ITQ2V}
\par \ul elevator move_offset\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2W2B8V}
\par \ul elevator basic_auto\plain\f2\fs20 {\v GVQ9.C}
\par \ul 
\par \ul \ul elevator change_wall_light\plain\f2\fs20 {\v AWHIE2}
\par \ul elevator morph_move1\plain\f2\fs20 {\v WN.DM5}
\par \ul elevator morph_move2\plain\f2\fs20 {\v WN.DM6}
\par \pard \ul \ul elevator morph_spin1\plain\f2\fs20 {\v WT_7V5}
\par \ul elevator morph_spin2\plain\f2\fs20 {\v WT_7V6}
\par \ul elevator move_wall\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1DC87LK}
\par \ul elevator rotate_wall\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XPXZG9}
\par \ul elevator scroll_wall\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1_V.TE5}
\par 
\par \ul elevator door\plain\f2\fs20 {\v CJJQOG}
\par \ul elevator door_mid\plain\f2\fs20 {\v NGWLRI}
\par \ul elevator door_inv\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2P8PGH5}
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0023}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} INF Triggers}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} G0N3MT}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} entity_mask;event_mask;INF File;trigger}
\b\fs32 INF Triggers
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Triggers send a \uldb message\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 21KX8IE} to a \ul client\plain\f2\fs20 {\v LUEKAD} sector when triggered.  They can be used to create switches, tripwires etc. Triggers can also be used to display \ul text\plain\f2\fs20 {\v I7O0P3}.
\par 
\par Note: if no message is specified, then the default message  (\ul m_trigger\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 10DIL8I}) will be sent to the client(s).
\par 
\par Here are the trigger classes:
\par \ul trigger standard\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 6.K0EQ}
\par \ul trigger\plain\f2\fs20 {\v E1ZXNU}
\par \ul trigger switch1\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 11QIJOV}
\par \ul trigger single\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1YYKUF3}
\par \ul trigger toggle\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1_V8UYN}
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0024}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} INF Teleporter Chutes}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 820IEB}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} chute;INF File;teleporter chute}
\b\fs32 INF Teleporter Chutes
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Teleporter chutes are a special class of their own. Their function is to teleport the player directly up or down to another sector.
\par 
\par Dark Forces teleporter chutes are not deliberate teleporters like in  DOOM. They are usually not intended to be noticed, and are intended to  make it look like the player has just fallen through a chute into a layer  below, for example, in the Robotics Facility where you fall into the gas  room, and Jabba's Ship where you fall into the area where you rescue Jan.  These cases need to use teleporter chutes because it is impossible to use  the same sector in both layers - its walls would need to be given double  adjoins!
\par 
\par Because teleporter chutes send you to the same X and Z coordinates, the target sector MUST occupy the same physical space of the teleporter chute, or  it may be possible to teleport outside of a sector. Of course your Y coordinate can change.
\par \pard 
\par \i usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | class: teleporter chute
\par |  target: [target sectorname]
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0025}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} INF Variables}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1MIY93R}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} INF File;variables}
\f2\b\fs32 INF Variables
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Variables set how elevators and triggers function.
\par 
\par \ul master:\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 4OUGYVE}
\par \ul event_mask:\plain\f2\fs20 {\v JDKGM3}
\par \ul event:\plain\f2\fs20 {\v EGP8HS}
\par \ul entity_mask:\plain\f2\fs20 {\v WM4ZXE}
\par \ul speed:\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 183V7VS}
\par \ul start:\plain\f2\fs20 {\v EUN4LS}
\par \ul center:\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 14V217K}
\par \ul angle:\plain\f2\fs20 {\v ECH0FD}
\par \ul key:\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2IX33W}
\par \ul flags:\plain\f2\fs20 {\v EHF4AR}
\par \ul sound:\plain\f2\fs20 {\v EUIHHC}
\par \ul object_mask:\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 44LWB4}
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0026}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} INF Messages}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 21KX8IE}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} INF File;message}
\b\fs32 INF Messages
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Messages are sent from triggers when they are triggered and elevators when they arrive at stops.
\par They are sent to other triggers and elevators, and in some cases just regular sectors and lines (except \b message: lights\plain\f2\fs20 , which is sent to the \b system\plain\f2\fs20 ). They do various things to their recipients.
\par Messages are placed in the sequence of elevators and triggers.
\par 
\par 
\par Messages all have these general syntax:
\par 
\par \i (sent from an elevator)
\par \plain\f4\fs20 | message: [stop number] [receiver] [message] [parameters]
\par \f2 
\par \i (sent from a trigger)
\par \plain\f4\fs20 | client: [receiver]
\par | message: [message] [parameters]
\par \f2 
\par \f4 [receiver]\f2   is the receiver of a message. Can be one of the following:
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft704 \cellx3825\cellx7795\pard\intbl \f4 [sectorname] \tab \tab \tab \cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 receiver is a sector\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft704 \cellx3825\cellx7795\pard\intbl \f4 [sectorname([wallnum])] \tab \cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 receiver is a wall\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft704 \cellx3825\cellx7795\pard\intbl \f4 SYSTEM \tab \tab \tab \cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 receiver is the SYSTEM (message: lights only)\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \f4 [parameters]\f2  are parameters specific to the type of message.
\par 
\par 
\par Here are the messages:
\par \ul m_trigger\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 10DIL8I}
\par \ul goto_stop\plain\f2\fs20 {\v CHKOLV}
\par \ul next_stop\plain\f2\fs20 {\v _5V_3S}
\par \ul prev_stop\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 12IFEN}
\par \ul master_on\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2BC63GD}
\par \ul master_off\plain\f2\fs20 {\v E5B75I}
\par \ul clear_bits\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 14II23W}
\par \ul set_bits\plain\f2\fs20 {\v HV_N.K}
\par \ul complete\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 39GWYW6}
\par \ul done\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1MYATEP}
\par \ul wakeup\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 20LLPCG}
\par \ul lights\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1_K.SV0}
\par 
\par 
\par Remember that when you look at an INF file and you see something like :
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx3075 \pard\intbl \f4 | class: elevator eeeee\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx3075 \pard\intbl |  stop: 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx3075 \pard\intbl |   message: 0 mmmmm\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx3075 \pard\intbl |  stop: 1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx3075 \pard\intbl |   message: 1 mmmmm\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par it's only a visual clue, and you could group all the messages in one place and in any order.
\par Important : if you add a stop, you have to renumber !
\par 
\par \b Notes\plain\f2\fs20 :
\par - When a specific message is not specified, the default message is  \ul m_trigger\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 10DIL8I}.
\par - When messages are sent from an elevator, they are sent when it ARRIVES at a stop.
\par - For some reason, messages can't be sent from "terminate" or "complete" stops.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0028}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} New INF functions}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ID6FX9}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} INF File;new functions}
\b\fs32 New INF functions from DARK.EXE
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Elevators:
\par \ul elevator move_offset\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2W2B8V}
\par \ul elevator basic_auto\plain\f2\fs20 {\v GVQ9.C}
\par \ul elevator move_wall\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1DC87LK}
\par \ul elevator door_inv\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2P8PGH5}
\par 
\par Variables:
\par \ul object_mask:\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 44LWB4}
\par 
\par Special Functions:
\par \ul texture:\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 20260KM}
\par 
\par 
\par Here are some INF keywords that were found in DARK.EXE but as yet are not understood.
\par We would appreciate it if people could help work out these as they may be usable!
\par 
\par stop_y:
\par trigger_action:
\par condition:
\par 
\par enclosed
\par mid
\par 
\par entity_enter
\par move:
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:002a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} GOL Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6E52LF}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} GOL Files}
\b\fs32 GOL FILES
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par GOL files control the functioning of the objective screen in the PDA. They contain a list of mission goals which are shown to be completed in the objective screen when they are fired. Note that the objective screen is an \uldb ANIM\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 30X.Z8.} in DFBRIEF.LFD. It is composed of a number of DELTs (with yellow text) which are overlaid on the first embedded DELT (which has green text) as goals are completed.
\par 
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx5345 \pard\intbl \f4 | GOL 1.0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5345 \pard\intbl | GOAL: 0       ITEM:   5       # DT weapon\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5345 \pard\intbl | GOAL: 1       TRIG:   1\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par Each GOAL: can be a TRIG: -- a goal trigger, or an ITEM: -- a goal item.
\par 
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 Goal triggers
\par \plain\f2\fs20 These are goals that are fired by the .INF file when a "complete" \uldb message\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 21KX8IE} is sent. The message will fire the appropriate goal in the GOL file.
\par 
\par For instance,  "message: [stop] [recipient] complete 1" will say that "TRIG: 1" is complete!
\par 
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 Goal items
\par \plain\f2\fs20 These are goals which are fired when you pick up a goal item. The logics of the goal items fire an internal message to the GOL when the item is picked up.
\par 
\par Each goal item has a num of its own:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx4535\cellx5385\pard\intbl \i\b Goal item\cell\pard \pard\intbl Description\cell\pard \pard\intbl Num\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx4535\cellx5385\pard\intbl \plain\f4\fs20 LOGIC: PLANS\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Death Star plans\cell\pard \pard\intbl 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx4535\cellx5385\pard\intbl \f4 LOGIC: PHRIK\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Phrik metal\cell\pard \pard\intbl 1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx4535\cellx5385\pard\intbl \f4 LOGIC: NAVA\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Nava Card\cell\pard \pard\intbl 2\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx4535\cellx5385\pard\intbl \f4 LOGIC: DATATAPE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 data tapes\cell\pard \pard\intbl 4\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx4535\cellx5385\pard\intbl \f4 LOGIC: DT_WEAPON\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 broken DT weapon\cell\pard \pard\intbl 5\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2435\cellx4535\cellx5385\pard\intbl \f4 LOGIC: PILE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Your Gear\cell\pard \pard\intbl 6\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par For instance, picking up a broken DT weapon will say that "ITEM: 5" is complete!
\par Notice this implies that you can only use \b one\plain\f2\fs20  of each goal item in each level.
\par 
\par Note: the goal items will also move an elevator called "complete" to its next stop when picked up.
\par 
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 Managing Goals
\par \plain\f2\fs20 The best way to handle goals is to use elevator "complete" only for mission goal/completion handling. It should have a number of "hold" stops and a final "complete" stop. Each goal you accomplish will move elevator "complete" one stop forward, until accomplishing the final goal moves it onto its "complete" stop, completing the level. Goal triggers will move elevator "complete" if the "complete" message is sent to elevator "complete" (because the "complete" message also moves its recipient to its next stop). Goal items automatically move elevator "complete" when they are picked up, as mentioned above.
\par \pard 
\par Don't get confused with the 3 different "completes" ! One is a message, one is the name of an elevator, and one is a stop option just like "hold".
\par 
\par Final note: don't assume the goals will happen in the .GOL order ! Ordering completion of goals is something you need to do yourself as part of your level design !
\par \page
\pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0018}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} O Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3FWI1Q}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} O Files}
\b\fs32 O FILES
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par O files contain all the level objects. They are in text format.
\par 
\par There are many different object types in Dark Forces:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx985\cellx1835\cellx8075\pard\intbl \b Type\cell\pard \pard\intbl File\cell\pard \pard\intbl Description\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx985\cellx1835\cellx8075\pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 SPIRIT\cell\pard \pard\intbl [none]\cell\pard \pard\intbl an object not linked to a viewable file (i.e. invisible) \line
Its main use is for the PLAYER, but you can create other invisible items.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx985\cellx1835\cellx8075\pard\intbl SAFE\cell\pard \pard\intbl [none]\cell\pard \pard\intbl a restart point after the player died.\line
You should put SAFEs in your levels, to allow the player to restart not far from where he died.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx985\cellx1835\cellx8075\pard\intbl SPRITE\cell\pard \pard\intbl WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl fully animated objects such as enemies.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx985\cellx1835\cellx8075\pard\intbl FRAME\cell\pard \pard\intbl FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl "one view" objects such as energy power ups.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx985\cellx1835\cellx8075\pard\intbl 3D\cell\pard \pard\intbl 3DO\cell\pard \pard\intbl 3D objects such as mousebots.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx985\cellx1835\cellx8075\pard\intbl SOUND\cell\pard \pard\intbl VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl an ambient sound around the object position.\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par 
\par \uldb File Format\plain\f2\fs20 {\v L56L72}
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0019}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} O File Format}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} L56L72}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format;O File}
\b\fs32 O FILE FORMAT
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par They are composed of 3 parts :
\par \tab \uldb Magic and Version number and level name\plain\f2\fs20 {\v DF1Z0Y}
\par \tab \uldb Objects Tables\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 14BKU_P}
\par \tab \uldb Object Descriptions\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 17SUARS}
\par \tab \tab \uldb Sequences and Logics\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1O9E5I1}
\par \tab \tab \uldb Generators\plain\f2\fs20 {\v HJTVQH}
\par \tab \tab \uldb Full Logics list\plain\f2\fs20 {\v .42_7H}
\par 
\par They accept C like  /* */  \b comments\plain\f2\fs20 .
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:001a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} O Magic, Version Number and Level Name}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DF1Z0Y}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} magic;O File}
\b\fs32 O Magic, Version Number and Level Name
\par \pard \plain\f4\fs20 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx2505 \pard\intbl | O 1.1\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par This is trivial.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx2505 \pard\intbl \f4 | LEVELNAME SECBASE\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par I'm not sure this level name is used in DF !
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:001b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} O Object Tables}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 14BKU_P}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} O File;object table}
\b\fs32 O Object Tables
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par As there is a lot of OB information in a level, 4 object tables are created to avoid storing OB names in full at each occurrence.
\par 
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx5905 \pard\intbl \f4 | PODS 3             # These are the "3D" objects\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5905 \pard\intbl |  POD: DEATH.3DO    # 00\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5905 \pard\intbl |  ...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5905 \pard\intbl |\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5905 \pard\intbl | SPRS 10            # These are the SPRITES\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5905 \pard\intbl |  SPR: OFFCFIN.WAX  # 00\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5905 \pard\intbl |   ...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5905 \pard\intbl |\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5905 \pard\intbl | FMES 6             # These are the FRAMES\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5905 \pard\intbl |  FME: IENERGY.FME  # 00\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5905 \pard\intbl |  ...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5905 \pard\intbl |\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5905 \pard\intbl | SOUNDS 1           # These are the SOUNDS\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5905 \pard\intbl |  SOUND: BANG.VOC   #00\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx5905 \pard\intbl |  ...\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par Afterwards, all the objects are referred to by their 0 based index in the object tables. The object CLASS determines in which table to look.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:001c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} O Object Descriptions}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 17SUARS}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} difficulty;O File;object description}
\b\fs32 O Object Descriptions
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par The first data is the total number of objects in the level :
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl \f4 | OBJECTS 185\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par Then each object is described.
\par Please note that the object data first line has been split here for visual convenience.
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl \f4 | CLASS: SPIRIT  DATA:  0 X: 131.00 Y:    0.00    Z: 210.00\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl \'5c                       PCH:   0.00 YAW: 176.34 ROL:   0.00\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl \'5c                       DIFF: 1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl |  SEQ\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl |   LOGIC:     PLAYER\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl |   EYE:       TRUE\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl |  SEQEND\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl |\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl | CLASS: SPRITE  DATA:  0 X: 320.62  Y:  20.00   Z:  275.64\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl \'5c                       PCH: 0.00  YAW: 270.00 ROL:    0.00\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl \'5c                       DIFF: 1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl |  SEQ\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl |   TYPE:      I_OFFICER\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl |  SEQEND\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par CLASS is the type of object, and DATA is the offset in the corresponding object table.
\par (SPIRIT and SAFE have DATA = 0).
\par 
\par X, Y, Z are trivial.
\par 
\par PCH, YAW, ROL are classic spatial orientation, but only YAW is really used (DOOM equivalent is THING orientation). It takes a value in degrees where 0 is at the "top of the screen when you look at the map". The value increases clockwise. PCH and ROL are only needed for 3D objects.
\par 
\par DIFF is the difficulty level at which the object appears.
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1835\cellx2835\cellx3825\pard\intbl\qc \b DIFF\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc EASY\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc MED\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc HARD\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1835\cellx2835\cellx3825\pard\intbl\qc \plain\f2\fs20    -3\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc X\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc X\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc X\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1835\cellx2835\cellx3825\pard\intbl\qc -2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc X\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc X\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1835\cellx2835\cellx3825\pard\intbl\qc -1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc X\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1835\cellx2835\cellx3825\pard\intbl\qc 0\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc X\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc X\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc X\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1835\cellx2835\cellx3825\pard\intbl\qc 1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc X\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc X\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc X\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1835\cellx2835\cellx3825\pard\intbl\qc 2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc X\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc X\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1835\cellx2835\cellx3825\pard\intbl\qc 3\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc X\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:001d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} O Object Sequences and Logics}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1O9E5I1}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} O File;object logics;object sequences}
\b\fs32 O Object Sequences and Logics
\par \plain\f2\ul\fs20 Doom note\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 15ZJE8A}\b\fs32 
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par SEQ and SEQEND are delimiters for a series of options/modifiers to apply to the object, which determine its behavior.
\par 
\par The basic thing that all entities will have is a LOGIC: that controls it (eg. for an enemy, tells it what direction to walk in, when to shoot and so on). Logics are hardcoded in DARK.EXE and also determine things like how fast an enemy moves, how it attacks, how strong it is, what sounds it makes, what weapon it drops when it dies etc. In addition, logics will control what the sprite appears to be doing (i.e. what frames in the WAX that are shown).
\par 
\par See \uldb Full Logics list\plain\f2\fs20 {\v .42_7H}.
\par 
\par The same viewable file may be used to create 'different' objects. For instance, OFFCFIN.WAX may be used with a LOGIC: I_OFFICER or LOGIC: I_OFFICERR (note the second 'R') which will generate a red key then killed instead of the usual ammo clip. Or you can use it with LOGIC: STORM1 and although the enemy will appear like an officer, it will behave as a stormtrooper, take as many shots to kill as a stormtrooper etc.
\par \pard 
\par The keywords TYPE: and LOGIC: are freely exchangeable, and the ITEM keyword is optional before item logics.
\par 
\par \fs24 
\par \i\b Combined Logics
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par You can combine logics freely. LOGIC: ANIM is frequently combined with many of the item and scenery logics to animate the sprites.
\par 
\par If you combine enemy logics, the first LOGIC: is in this case the primary logic, which means that to kill the object, you have to use the firepower needed to kill its first LOGIC: . Very strange things may happen when combining LOGICs, and some combinations don't work, or even don't work every time!
\par Try Mousebot + Barrel, or Player + Mousebot...
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:001e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} O Generators}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HJTVQH}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} generators;O File;object logics;object sequences}
\b\fs32 O Generators
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Generators cause enemies to appear mid-way through a level. Here is a quite self explaining example:
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx7325 \pard\intbl \f4 | CLASS: SPRITE  DATA:  4 X: 396.88   Y:  -2.00   Z: 217.48\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7325 \pard\intbl \'5c                       PCH:   0.00 YAW:   0.00 ROL:   0.00 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7325 \pard\intbl \fs18 \'5c                         \fs20 DIFF: 1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7325 \pard\intbl |  SEQ\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7325 \pard\intbl |   LOGIC:     GENERATOR STORM1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7325 \pard\intbl |   DELAY:     30\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7325 \pard\intbl |   INTERVAL:  20\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7325 \pard\intbl |   MIN_DIST:  70\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7325 \pard\intbl |   MAX_DIST:  200\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7325 \pard\intbl |   MAX_ALIVE: 3\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7325 \pard\intbl |   NUM_TERMINATE: 8\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7325 \pard\intbl |   WANDER_TIME: 40\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7325 \pard\intbl |  SEQEND\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par All generated enemies will use the sprite defined, and will appear "awake" (i.e. walking around, not standing still) from the X, Y and Z coordinates of the generator.
\par 
\par 
\par LOGIC: is the logic that the generated sprites will have. Note the GENERATOR keyword. Note also that only the following logics are allowed to be generated (generating others will cause problems and usually crash the game!)
\par \f4 
\par \tab I_OFFICER \f2 and key variations\f4 
\par \tab TROOP
\par \tab STORM1
\par \tab COMMANDO
\par \tab BOSSK
\par \tab G_GUARD
\par \tab REE_YEES
\par \tab REE_YEES2
\par \tab SEWER1
\par \tab INT_DROID
\par \tab PROBE_DROID
\par \tab REMOTE
\par \f2 
\par DELAY: is the time in seconds that needs to pass from the start of a level before the generator starts operating.
\par 
\par INTERVAL: is the time in seconds between each generation.
\par \pard 
\par For an enemy to be generated, the \b player\plain\f2\fs20  must be at a distance from the generator that is between MIN_DIST and MAX_DIST.
\par 
\par MAX_ALIVE: is the maximum number of enemies from the generator allowed alive at the same time.
\par 
\par NUM_TERMINATE: is the number of enemies to be generated. When this is reached, the generator deactivates. If set to -1, an infinite amount will be generated, and the generator will never deactivate.
\par 
\par WANDER_TIME: is the time in seconds that a generated sprite walks around before becoming inactive.
\par 
\par Note: in DARK.EXE, there is a keyword "PLUGIN:" among the above generator keywords. Its usage is still unknown.
\par 
\par Sprites aren't generated when the generator is able to see you, however (otherwise it would look like the enemies were walking out of thin air!). The best way to observe a generator working is therefore on the map by using the LACDS cheat.
\par \pard 
\par Also note that you can set MASTER: OFF on a generator (not to be confused with the INF master variable!), and activate it by sending a "master_on" message to the sector that contains it.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:001f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} O All Object Logics}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} .42_7H}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} O File;object logics;object sequences}
\b\fs32 O All Object Logics
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par This is a list of all the objects and other modifiers that can be used in the sequences of objects.
\par 
\par Please also see the end of this section for some unknowns found in DARK.EXE.
\par 
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 Player
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1125\cellx2265\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC:\cell\pard \pard\intbl PLAYER\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1125\cellx2265\pard\intbl | EYE:\cell\pard \pard\intbl TRUE\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par These should always be used together. Technically though, the LOGIC: PLAYER is the entity that you will control and move around, while EYE: TRUE is the object from whose point of view the level is viewed from. So yes, you can try following enemies and mousebots around with the eye......
\par 
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 Items
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Remember that you can use ITEM keyword before these logics.
\par Message is the message number from TEXT.MSG that is displayed when you pick up the item (just in case you want to patch).
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \b\fs24 Logic:\cell\pard \pard\intbl Description:\cell\pard \pard\intbl Message:\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \fs20 General -\plain\f2\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: SHIELD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 20 shield units\cell\pard \pard\intbl 114\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: BATTERY\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 battery unit\cell\pard \pard\intbl 211\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: CLEATS\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 ice cleats\cell\pard \pard\intbl 304\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: GOGGLES\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 infra red goggles\cell\pard \pard\intbl 303\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: MASK\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 gas mask\cell\pard \pard\intbl 305\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: MEDKIT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 med kit\cell\pard \pard\intbl 311\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \b Weapons -\plain\f2\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: RIFLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Blaster rifle / 15 energy units\cell\pard \pard\intbl 100 / 101\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: AUTOGUN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Repeater Rifle / 30 power units\cell\pard \pard\intbl 103 / 104\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: FUSION\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Jeron fusion cutter / 50 power units\cell\pard \pard\intbl 107 / 108\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: MORTAR\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Mortar Gun / 3 mortar shells\cell\pard \pard\intbl 105 / 106\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: CONCUSSION\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Concussion Rifle / 100 power units\cell\pard \pard\intbl 110 / 111\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: CANNON\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Assault cannon / 30 plasma units\cell\pard \pard\intbl 112 / 113\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \b Ammo -\plain\f2\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: ENERGY\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 15 energy units\cell\pard \pard\intbl 200\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: DETONATOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 1 thermal detonator\cell\pard \pard\intbl 203\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: DETONATORS\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 5 thermal detonators\cell\pard \pard\intbl 204\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: POWER\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 10 power units\cell\pard \pard\intbl 201\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: MINE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 1 mine\cell\pard \pard\intbl 207\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: MINES\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 5 mines\cell\pard \pard\intbl 208\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: SHELL\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 1 mortar shell\cell\pard \pard\intbl 205\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: SHELLS\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 5 mortar shells\cell\pard \pard\intbl 206\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: PLASMA\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 20 Plasma units\cell\pard \pard\intbl 202\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: MISSILE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 1 missile\cell\pard \pard\intbl 209\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: MISSILES\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 5 missiles\cell\pard \pard\intbl 210\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \b Bonuses -\plain\f2\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: SUPERCHARGE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 weapon supercharge\cell\pard \pard\intbl 307\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: INVINCIBLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 shield supercharge\cell\pard \pard\intbl 306\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: LIFE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 extra life\cell\pard \pard\intbl 310\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: REVIVE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 revive\cell\pard \pard\intbl 308\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \b Keys -\plain\f2\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: BLUE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 blue key\cell\pard \pard\intbl 302\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: RED\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 red key\cell\pard \pard\intbl 300\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: YELLOW\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 yellow key\cell\pard \pard\intbl 301\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: CODE1\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 code key 1\cell\pard \pard\intbl 501\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: CODE2\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 code key 2\cell\pard \pard\intbl 502\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: CODE3\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 code key 3\cell\pard \pard\intbl 503\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: CODE4\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 code key 4\cell\pard \pard\intbl 504\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: CODE5\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 code key 5\cell\pard \pard\intbl 505\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: CODE6\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 code key 6\cell\pard \pard\intbl 506\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: CODE7\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 code key 7\cell\pard \pard\intbl 507\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: CODE8\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 code key 8\cell\pard \pard\intbl 508\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: CODE9\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 code key 9\cell\pard \pard\intbl 509\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \b Goal items -\plain\f2\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: DATATAPE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 data tapes\cell\pard \pard\intbl 406\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: PLANS\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Death Star plans\cell\pard \pard\intbl 400\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: DT_WEAPON\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 broken DT weapon\cell\pard \pard\intbl 405\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: NAVA\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Nava Card\cell\pard \pard\intbl 402\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: PHRIK\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Phrik metal\cell\pard \pard\intbl 401\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2545\cellx5945\cellx7085\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: PILE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Your Gear\cell\pard \pard\intbl 312\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 Enemy logics
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \b\fs24 Logic:\cell\pard \pard\intbl Description:\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \fs20 Imperials -\plain\f4\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: I_OFFICER\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Imperial officer\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: I_OFFICERR\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Officer with red key\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: I_OFFICERB\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Officer with blue key\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: I_OFFICERY\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Officer with yellow key\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: I_OFFICER1\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Officer with code key 1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: I_OFFICER2\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Officer with code key 2\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: I_OFFICER3\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Officer with code key 3\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: I_OFFICER4\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Officer with code key 4\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: I_OFFICER5\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Officer with code key 5\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: I_OFFICER6\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Officer with code key 6\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: I_OFFICER7\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Officer with code key 7\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: I_OFFICER8\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Officer with code key 8\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: I_OFFICER9\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Officer with code key 9\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: TROOP\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Stormtrooper\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: STORM1\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Stormtrooper\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: COMMANDO\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Imperial Commando\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \b Aliens -\plain\f4\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: BOSSK\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Bossk\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: G_GUARD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Gammorean Guard\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: REE_YEES\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 ReeYees with thermal detonators\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: REE_YEES2\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 ReeYees w/o thermal detonators\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: SEWER1\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Sewer creature\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \b Robots -\plain\f4\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: INT_DROID\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Interrogator droid\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: PROBE_DROID\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Probe droid\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: REMOTE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Remote\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \b Bosses -\plain\f4\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: BOBA_FETT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Boba Fett\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: KELL\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Kell Dragon\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: D_TROOP1\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Phase 1 Dark Trooper\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: D_TROOP2\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Phase 2 Dark Trooper\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: D_TROOP3\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Phase 3 Dark Trooper (Mohc)\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f4 
\par 
\par \f2\i\b\fs24 Special sprite logics
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Note: The WAX files used for the explosions of the Barrel and Land Mine are hardcoded.
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2265\cellx5665\pard\intbl \b\fs24 Logic:\cell\pard \pard\intbl Description:\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2265\cellx5665\pard\intbl \plain\f4\fs20 | LOGIC: SCENERY\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Displays first cell of wax 0, then all of wax 1 when attacked\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2265\cellx5665\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: ANIM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Displays wax 0 over and over\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2265\cellx5665\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: BARREL\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Power Generating unit\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2265\cellx5665\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: LAND_MINE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Land mine\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f4 
\par \f2 
\par \i\b\fs24 3D object logics
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \b\fs24 Logic: \cell\pard \pard\intbl Description: \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \plain\f4\fs20 | LOGIC: TURRET\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 gun turret\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: MOUSEBOT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 mousebot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx2835\cellx6235\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC: WELDER\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 welding arm\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 3D object motion logics
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par There are 2 logics for giving motions to a  3D object:
\par LOGIC: UPDATE to perpetually rotate a 3D, and 
\par LOGIC: KEY to give a VUE motion to the 3D
\par 
\par \b Rotation on X-axis
\par \trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1415\cellx4815\pard\intbl \plain\f4\fs20 | LOGIC:\cell\pard \pard\intbl UPDATE\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1415\cellx4815\pard\intbl | FLAGS:\cell\pard \pard\intbl 8\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1415\cellx4815\pard\intbl | D_PITCH:\cell\pard \pard\intbl [speed]\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par \b Rotation on Y-axis
\par \trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1415\cellx4815\pard\intbl \plain\f4\fs20 | LOGIC:\cell\pard \pard\intbl UPDATE\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1415\cellx4815\pard\intbl | FLAGS:\cell\pard \pard\intbl 16\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1415\cellx4815\pard\intbl | D_YAW:\cell\pard \pard\intbl [speed]\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par \b Rotation on Z-axis
\par \trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1415\cellx4815\pard\intbl \plain\f4\fs20 | LOGIC:\cell\pard \pard\intbl UPDATE\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1415\cellx4815\pard\intbl | FLAGS:\cell\pard \pard\intbl 32\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1415\cellx4815\pard\intbl | D_ROLL:\cell\pard \pard\intbl [speed]\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par Speed is the speed at which the 3D object rotates from -999 (max anti-clockwise) to 999 (max clockwise).
\par 
\par 
\par \b VUE object
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1695\cellx3965\pard\intbl \f4 | LOGIC:\cell\pard \pard\intbl KEY\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1695\cellx3965\pard\intbl | VUE:\cell\pard \pard\intbl filename.VUE "id"\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1695\cellx3965\pard\intbl | VUE_APPEND:\cell\pard \pard\intbl filenam2.VUE "id"\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1695\cellx3965\pard\intbl | PAUSE:\cell\pard \pard\intbl TRUE\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1695\cellx3965\pard\intbl | FRAME_RATE:\cell\pard \pard\intbl [frame rate]\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par filename.VUE is the name of the VUE file to use.
\par 
\par "id" is the name of the identifier within the VUE file to use.
\par 
\par VUE_APPEND: is an optional VUE to be played after the first VUE.
\par 
\par PAUSE: TRUE will cause the VUE to pause each time it is played until a "wakeup" message is sent to the sector containing the 3D object. Objects with "PAUSE: TRUE" will also be "woken up" if their RADIUS is shot.
\par 
\par Frame rate is in frames per second.
\par 
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 Other sequence modifiers
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1125\cellx2835\pard\intbl \f4 | BOSS:\cell\pard \pard\intbl TRUE\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par This can be set to the following logics:
\par \tab \f4 BOBA_FETT
\par \tab KELL
\par \tab D_TROOP1
\par \tab D_TROOP2
\par \tab D_TROOP3
\par \f2 
\par When you kill the enemy, an elevator called "boss" will move to its next stop (unless it is LOGIC: D_TROOP3, where the elevator must be called "mohc"). This is similar to the movement of "complete" when a goal item is picked up. Using this modifier, you can cause something to happen when the player has killed the boss, for instance the player could be locked in a certain area until he has killed the boss and then a door will be opened letting him out.
\par         
\par 
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1415\cellx4245\pard\intbl \f4 | RADIUS:\cell\pard \pard\intbl [horizontal distance]\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par This defines the size of an invisible circle around the object where the PLAYER cannot enter or shoot through. Frames and sprites have radiuses by default, but 3D objects don't, so you have to set one unless you want the PLAYER to walk right through. You can use this with a Spirit to create an invisible obstacle.
\par 
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph-5\trleft-6 \cellx1415\cellx4245\pard\intbl \f4 | HEIGHT:\cell\pard \pard\intbl [vertical distance]\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par Similar to radius, height defines an area above (positive value) or below (negative value) an object where you can't walk or fire through. Therefore, using radius and height together, you can effectively create an impenetrable cylinder-shaped area around an object.
\par 
\par 
\par A further note:
\par \tab RADIUS and HEIGHT, if used with objects having a logic, will also affect how the logic interacts with the player. If used with items, they determine the distance Kyle has to be from the item to pick it up. If used with enemies and "LOGIC: SCENERY", they determine the distance from the enemy that laser bolts etc. have to come within to damage the enemy.
\par 
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 Unknown
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par These are found in DARK.EXE. It is likely that some are only used internally by the DF engine. We would appreciate any help working out any possible usable ones!
\par \pard 
\par \f4 VISIBLE:
\par SHADED:
\par LIGHT:
\par PARENT:
\par D_X:
\par D_Y:
\par D_Z:
\par D_VIEW_PITCH:
\par D_VIEW_YAW:
\par D_VIEW_ROLL:
\par VIEW_PITCH:
\par VIEW_YAW:
\par VIEW_ROLL:
\par EYE_D_XYZ:
\par EYE_D_PYR:
\par SYNC:
\par PLUGIN:
\par 
\par STORM
\par DISPATCH
\par THINKER
\par FOLLOW
\par FOLLOW_Y
\par RANDOM_YAW
\par MOVER
\par SHAKER
\par PERSONALITY
\par \page
\pard \f2 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:002b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} PAL Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3PNJIKP}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format;PAL Files}
\b\fs32 PAL FILES
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par PAL files are 768 bytes long, and store a single 256 colors palette as 256 x 3 RGB bytes.
\par 
\par \f4 PAL_File IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3685\cellx7365\pard\intbl  colors\cell\pard \pard\intbl RGB_Color[256]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // 256 colors from 0 to 255\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par Where:
\par 
\par \f4 RGB_Color Is
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3685\cellx7365\pard\intbl  R\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Red intensity\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3685\cellx7365\pard\intbl  G\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Green intensity\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3685\cellx7365\pard\intbl  B\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Blue intensity\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par Note that these intensities range from 0 to 63 (limit of VGA mode 0x13) in the PAL files.
\par 
\par Each level in Dark Forces can have its own palette, specified in the LEV header.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:002c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} CMP Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1BT9SQ}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} CMP Files;file format}
\b\fs32 CMP FILES
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par CMP files store palette mappings (like DOOM COLORMAP), which are the way the colors behave under different light levels.
\par 
\par Each byte is an index into the palette, and the CMP file is in fact an array that can be used for shading.
\par 
\par Given a color value [C] and a light value [L] the correct color to draw can be determined with the following formula:
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx5905 \pard\intbl \f4 DrawColor = [start_of_CMP_file]+(256*L)+C\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par There are 128 added bytes at the end of the file generally forming a slow gradient from 0x00 to 0x1F.
\par Those serve to modify light values when you use the headlight (or when firing a weapon lights the area).
\par The first of the 128 bytes controls the area right next to you and each one after that control an area progressively further away.
\par 0x00 is the maximum illumination while 0x1f is minimum for the headlight.
\par Values above 0x1f and up to 0x27 serve to suppress the weapon lighting effect too.
\par 
\par The only use I see for those is to set them all to 0x1f to suppress the headlight altogether.
\par It doesn't seem logical to suppress the weapon lighting, although it can be done too...
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:002d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} FNT Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} W3HJBN}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format;FNT Files}
\b\fs32 FNT FILES
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par These files store a proportional character set. FNT files are found in DARK.GOB
\par This set may not be complete. The font used to display the ammo, for instance contains only the numbers and the ':' character.
\par 
\par \f4 FNT_Header IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1415\cellx3825\cellx8925\pard\intbl  Magic\cell\pard \pard\intbl char[4]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // 'FNT' + 15h (21d)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1415\cellx3825\cellx8925\pard\intbl  Height\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Height of the font\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1415\cellx3825\cellx8925\pard\intbl  u1\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Unknown\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1415\cellx3825\cellx8925\pard\intbl  DataSize\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Data after header\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1415\cellx3825\cellx8925\pard\intbl  First\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // First character in font\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1415\cellx3825\cellx8925\pard\intbl  Last\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Last character in font\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1415\cellx3825\cellx8925\pard\intbl  pad1\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte[22]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // 22 times 0x00\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par Then follow the characters. 
\par There is (Last-First+1) FNT_Character blocks (one per character). 
\par 
\par \f4 FNT_Character IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1415\cellx3825\cellx8925\pard\intbl  Width\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Width of the character\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1415\cellx3825\cellx8925\pard\intbl  Picture\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte[Width*Height]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Bytes describing the character,\line
// encoded by columns from bottom to top\line
// Each byte is an index in the\line
// current PAL palette\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:002e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} BM Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DA7PHK}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} BM Files;file format}
\b\fs32 BM FILES
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par BM files store textures used in a variety of ways in DF.
\par They serve as wall textures, as floor and ceiling textures (in which case they must be 64*64), as 3DO facet textures, as weapons, and as the Heads Up Display.
\par 
\par Here is the data structure for the BM file header.
\par 
\par \f4 BM_Header IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  MAGIC\cell\pard \pard\intbl char[4]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // = 'BM ' + 0x1E\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  SizeX\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // if = 1 then multiple BM in the file\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  SizeY\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // EXCEPT if SizeY also = 1, in which case\line
// it is a 1x1 BM\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  idemX\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused by engine\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  idemY\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused by engine\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  Transparent\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // 0x36 for normal\line
// 0x3E for transparent\line
// 0x08 for weapons\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  logSizeY\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // logSizeY = log2(SizeY)\line
// logSizeY = 0 for weapons\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  Compressed\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // 0 = not compressed
\par\intbl // 1 = compressed (RLE)
\par\intbl // 2 = compressed (RLE0)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  DataSize\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Data size for compressed BM
\par\intbl // excluding header and columns starts table
\par\intbl // If not compressed, DataSize is unused\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  pad1\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte[12]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // 12 times 0x00\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par Please note that BM must have height and width which are powers of 2 (except weapons).
\par The data follows, encoded by COLUMNS from the bottom to the top.
\par 
\par See also:
\par \pard\li275 \uldb Transparent BM\plain\f2\fs20 {\v AXG73U}
\par \uldb Multiple BM\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2ZR1_VU}
\par \uldb Compressed BM\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2ZR1_VV}
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:002f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} BM Transparent, Multiple}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} AXG73U}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} BM Files;multiple BM;transparent BM}
\b\fs32 BM Transparent
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par You can transform any BM in a transparent BM by changing its Transparent value from 0x36 to 0x3E.
\par The color 0 will 'disappear' and you will be able to see through it if it is a MID texture on an adjoined wall.
\par Note that this isn't the same as DOOM transparent textures (which use something very similar to RLE0).
\par 
\par Note that weapons BM use 0x08 for their transparent value, so maybe the transparent byte is a collection of flags, where the bit 3 means transparent.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0030}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} BM Multiple}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2ZR1_VU}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} BM Files;multiple BM}
\b\fs32 BM Multiple
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par If SizeX = 1  (EXCEPT if SizeY = 1 in which case it is a 1*1 BM) the BM file is multiple.
\par 
\par The header of multiple BMs is different from that of a normal BM.
\par 
\par \f4 BM_Multiple_Header IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  MAGIC\cell\pard \pard\intbl char[4]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // = 'BM ' + 0x1E\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  SizeX\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // = 1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  SizeY\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // = length of file - 32\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  idemX\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // = -2\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  idemY\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // number of 'sub' BMs\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  Transparent\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  logSizeY\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  Compressed\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  DataSize\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8785\pard\intbl  pad1\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte[12]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // 12 times 0x00\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par Straight after the Multiple BM header are two bytes:
\par - The first is either the \b frame rate\plain\f2\fs20  (in frames per second) of an \b animated texture\plain\f2\fs20 , or is \b 0\plain\f2\fs20  to designate a \b switch\plain\f2\fs20 . You may alter this value if you want.
\par - The second byte is 2.
\par 
\par Then follows a table of offsets to the 'sub' BM composed of idemY long.
\par The simple fact that this table exists tells us that sub BMs of different sizes may be stored.
\par 
\par Each 'sub' BM then has its own header, slightly different from the BM_Header:
\par 
\par \f4 BM_SUBHeader IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  SizeX\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // horizontal size\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  SizeY\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // vertical size\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  idemX\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused by engine\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  idemY\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused by engine\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  DataSize\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused (no compression allowed)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  logSizeY\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // logSizeY = log2(SizeY)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  pad1\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte[3]\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  u1\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte[3]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // these are always filled, but they seem // to be unused\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  pad2\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte[5]\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Transparent\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // 0x36 for normal\line
// 0x3E for transparent\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  pad3\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte[3]\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par \b Important notes
\par \pard\li275\fi-275 \plain\f2\fs20 1) There is no MAGIC field.
\par 2) For a multiple BM to work correctly, it must be made a SIGN, and for switches there MUST also exist a corresponding trigger in the .INF Else, switches will be displayed wrong (as a single column) and the animated will display correctly, but static.\line
This means that you cannot do animated floors and ceilings this way !
\par 3) The multiple BMs are limited to 64K in size because SizeY contains the size of the file - 32 and is an int.\line
Although it should never be a problem with switches, this means that you must use animated BMs for small textures only.
\par \pard 
\par A solution that allows animated walls of any size AND animated floors and ceilings is to compose a huge texture with your multiple images pasted next to each other. Then use INF elevators to scroll wall or scroll floor/ceiling using the offsets of the images as stops. If you set a speed of 0, the change will be instantaneous, and the effect will be the same. An added bonus is that you'll also have complete control on starting/stopping the animation.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0031}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} BM Compressed}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2ZR1_VV}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} BM Files;compressed BM}
\b\fs32 BM Compressed
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par If Compressed = 1 or 2, the BM is compressed.
\par These existed in the DEMO (buyit.bm, Compressed = 1; wait.bm, Compressed = 2), but there aren't any in the full game.
\par The engine still supports them however, so here are their descriptions.
\par Note that Multiple BMs don't allow compression.
\par (thanks to Alex Novikov for corrections and improvements on these notions).
\par 
\par The heart of the data is a \b columns starts\plain\f2\fs20  table, with the start addresses of each of the columns. It is at the end of the file, at offset DataSize, and has one long entry per column containing this column start address.
\par This start address is calculated without the 32 bytes BM header (i.e. read the header in a struct, then the data in a \b huge buffer\plain\f2\fs20  at offset 0).
\par 
\par \b Compressed = 1 (RLE)
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par The coding of one column follows (in pseudo code format).
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl \f4 while(end of data for this column not reached)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl \{\-\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl  if(buffer[address] <= 128)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl    the FOLLOWING n bytes are direct values\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl  else\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl    the FOLLOWING byte is a color byte to repeat n-128 times\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl \'7d\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par So, for example, the following hex values ...88 02 17 28 82... mean:
\par write 8 pixels of color 02, then write 17 pixels with colors 28, 82, etc.
\par 
\par This should be the format of choice for non-transparent BMs.
\par 
\par \b Compressed = 2 (RLE0)
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par The coding of one column follows (in pseudo code format).
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl \f4 while(end of data for this column not reached)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl \{\-\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl  if(buffer[address] <= 128)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl    the FOLLOWING n bytes are direct values\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl  else\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl    skip n-128 transparent (background) pixels\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl \'7d\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par So, for example, the following hex values ...88 02 17 28 82... mean:
\par skip 8 background pixels, then write two pixels with colors 17 and 28, then skip 2 background pixels, etc.
\par 
\par This should be the format of choice for transparent BMs.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0032}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} FME Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4ONXKVH}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format;FME Files}
\b\fs32 FME Files
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par They contain the frames, which are the "one view" objects (you can turn around them, and you always see the same image).
\par 
\par Here are the data structures for the FME file headers.
\par 
\par \f4 FME_Header1 IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  InsertX\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Insertion point, X coordinate\line
// Negative values shift the FME left
\par\intbl // Positive values shift the FME right\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  InsertY\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Insertion point, Y coordinate\line
// Negative values shift the FME up
\par\intbl // Positive values shift the FME down\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Flip\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // 0 = not flipped\line
// 1 = flipped horizontally\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Header2\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // pointer to FME_Header2\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  UnitWidth\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Unused\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  UnitHeight\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Unused\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  pad3\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Unused\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  pad4\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Unused\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par 
\par \f4 FME_Header2 IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  SizeX\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Size of the FME, X value\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  SizeY\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Size of the FME, Y value\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Compressed\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // 0 = not compressed\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl // 1 = compressed\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  DataSize\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Datasize for compressed FMEs,
\par\intbl // equals length of the FME file - 32\line
// If not compressed, DataSize = 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  ColOffs\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Always 0, because columns table \line
// follows just after\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  pad1\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Unused\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par If Compressed = 0, the data follows, encoded by COLUMNS from the bottom to the top.
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 Compressed FME
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Compressed FMEs are very similar to compressed BMs (RLE0).
\par 
\par After FME_Header2 follows a table of offsets to the starts of the columns data. 
\par Those are offsets from the start of FME_Header2.
\par 
\par Then follow the columns data.
\par 
\par The coding of one column follows (in pseudo code format).
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl \f4 while(end of data for this column not reached)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl \{\-\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl  if(buffer[address] <= 128)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl    the FOLLOWING n bytes are direct values\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl  else\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl    skip n-128 transparent (background) pixels\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7185 \pard\intbl \'7d\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par 
\par So, for example, the following hex values ...88 02 17 28 82... mean:
\par skip 8 background pixels, then write two pixels with colors 17 and 28, then skip 2 background pixels, etc.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0033}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} WAX Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} G9W2_8}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format;WAX Files}
\b\fs32 WAX Files
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par They contain the sprites.
\par (samples : STORMTROOPERS, BONUS LIVES ...)
\par 
\par They are a collection of embedded CELLS (FME files stripped of their FME_Header1).
\par 
\par \f4 
\par WAX file structure:
\par 
\par WAX_Header IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Version\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // constant = 0x00100100\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Nseqs\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // number of SEQUENCES\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Nframes\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // number of FRAMES\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Ncells\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // number of CELLS\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Xscale\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Yscale\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  XtraLight\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  pad4\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  WAXES\cell\pard \pard\intbl long[32]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // pointers to WAXES\line
// = different actions\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par \f4 WAX IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Wwidth\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // World Width\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Wheight\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // World Height\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  FrameRate\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Frames per second\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Nframes\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused = 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  pad2\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused = 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  pad3\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused = 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  pad4\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused = 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  SEQS\cell\pard \pard\intbl long[32]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // pointers to SEQUENCES \line
// = views from different angles\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2  
\par \b Note:\plain\f2\fs20  World Width and World Height are values which define how big the sprite actually appears in-game.
\par 
\par 
\par \f4 SEQUENCE IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  pad1\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused = 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  pad2\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused = 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  pad3\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused = 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  pad4\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused = 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  FRAMES\cell\pard \pard\intbl long[32]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // pointers to FRAMES\line
// = the animation frames\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par \f4 FRAME IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  InsertX\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Insertion point, X coordinate\line
// Negative values shift the cell left
\par\intbl // Positive values shift the cell right\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  InsertY\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Insertion point, Y coordinate\line
// Negative values shift the cell up
\par\intbl // Positive values shift the cell down\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Flip\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // 0 = not flipped\line
// 1 = flipped horizontally\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Cell\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // pointer to CELL
\par\intbl // = single picture\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  UnitWidth\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Unused\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  UnitHeight\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Unused\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  pad3\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Unused\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  pad4\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Unused\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par \f4 CELL_Header IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  SizeX\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Size of the CELL, X value\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  SizeY\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Size of the CELL, Y value\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Compressed\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // 0 = not compressed\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl // 1 = compressed\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  DataSize\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Datasize for compressed CELL,
\par\intbl // equals length of the CELL
\par\intbl // If not compressed, DataSize = 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  ColOffs\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Always 0, because columns table \line
// follows just after\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  pad1\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Unused\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 An explanation of how it all works:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par The 32 WAXes pointed to by the .WAX file header are 32 possible states that the sprite can be in (usually only up to 14 are used). The logic controls what WAX is shown when, so that the sprite appears to be doing what the logic actually is doing.
\par 
\par All enemies apart from the REMOTE follow this general pattern:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \f4\b WAX #\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl state\f2 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \plain\f4\fs20 0\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl moving -- eg. walking, floating\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl attacking (primary)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl dying (from punch)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 3\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl dying (from shot or explosion)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl lying dead\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 5\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl staying still (i.e. not sited player yet)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 6\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl follow through of primary attack -- eg. kick from gun\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 7\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl secondary attack -- eg. TD for reeyees, green junk for int. droid, ...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl follow through of secondary attack\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 9\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl jump (Kell Dragon)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 10\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 11\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 12\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl getting injured (dianoga looking around)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 13\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl special action \line
Using shield for D_TROOP1, flying for D_TROOP2 and D_TROOP3, submerging for dianoga, ...\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par Note: The Phase 3 varies from this pattern quite a bit.
\par Where a state doesn't apply for a particular enemy logic, the WAX will usually just be the enemy walking or moving towards you. It won't be called for by the logic.
\par 
\par 
\par The remote has 4 states:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \f4\b WAX #\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl state\f2 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \plain\f4\fs20 0\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl moving\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl staying still -- before siting player\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 3\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl dying\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par 
\par LOGIC: SCENERY has 2 simple states:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \f4\b WAX #\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl state\f2 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \plain\f4\fs20 0\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl normal\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl attacked\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par 
\par LOGIC: BARREL has 2 states:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \f4\b WAX #\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl state\f2 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \plain\f4\fs20 0\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl normal\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx845\cellx1695\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl exploding\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par 
\par LOGIC: ANIM, as well as weapon projectiles, explosions, splashing water etc. have 1 continuous state.
\par 
\par 
\par The 32 pointers to SEQUENCES in each WAX structure point to the view of the WAX (state) from 32 different angles as you move around it (0, 11.25, 22.50....348.75). The first pointer (angle 0) is when the logic is facing you. 
\par 
\par The pointers to FRAMEs in each SEQUENCE structure point to the FRAMEs that make up an animation sequence for each point of view. FRAMEs are the header 1 of FME files.
\par The SEQUENCE consists of 32 FRAME entries. Usually no more than 5 are used, but the dianoga has 27 frames of animation for one of its states (WAX 12, when it looks around for you) !
\par The entries = 0 are unused. 
\par 
\par Each FRAME points to a CELL, which is a picture with the same format as .FME files with header 2 of FME files.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0034}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} 3DO Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1BGXUW}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} 3DO Files;file format}
\b\fs32 3DO Files
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par They contain the "3D" objects. (samples : MOUSEBOT, the DEATH STAR HOLOGRAM, ...)
\par 
\par They are text files containing a geometric description of a full 3D object, and are converted from 3D Studio .ASC format. They accept # comments.
\par 
\par 
\par 3DO format: [ by Michael Taylor]
\par 
\par \f4 | 3DO 1.2
\par \f2 
\par Magic and Version Number: this is the word "3DO" followed by a version #, either 1.2, 1.20, or 1.30. 
\par 
\par Next comes several lines of header data.  Included is the picture name, number of objects in the file, number of vertice, number of polygons, palette used, and number of textures. 
\par 
\par \f4 | 3DONAME  cube
\par | OBJECTS  00001
\par | VERTICES 00008
\par | POLYGONS 00006
\par | PALETTE  METAL.PAL
\par \f2 
\par \f4 | TEXTURES 0
\par \f2 or
\par \f4 | TEXTURES 1
\par \pard |   TEXTURE: IPDTENGR.BM
\par \f2 
\par The palette file doesn't appear to relate to any PAL file found in the GOB directory.
\par [Could this be the type of rendering (metal, phong, ...) used in 3DS ? [Yves]]
\par [It is probably the palette used by LEC when testing the 3DOs out-of-game. In DF, the palette of the currently loaded level is used - Jereth]
\par Please note that textures are a little different and will be explained below.
\par 
\par If any textures are used then below the TEXTURES # line is additional lines defining each texture file. It creates a zero based array of textures for later usage by the objects.
\par 
\par See \uldb Object Definitions\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1BGXUW2}
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0035}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} 3DO Object Definitions}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1BGXUW2}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} 3DO Files;file format}
\b\fs32 3DO Object Definitions
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par [ by Michael Taylor]
\par 
\par After the header data comes each object's definition. Each one starts with an object header and then the data. The object header is the word "OBJECT" followed by the object's name in double quotes. The object names seem irrelevant provided they are unique within the 3DO file. Next is the word "TEXTURE" followed by the texture used for this object. If no texture is used then the value of -1 is used else an index into the texture table defined in the header data is given.
\par 
\par \f4 | OBJECT "shuttle"
\par | TEXTURE 0    # Index into texture array
\par |              # IFOCTGR.BM
\par \f2 
\par After the texture information, starts the actual geometric description of the object. 
\par 
\par First comes the vertices. The initial line is the word VERTICES followed by the number of vertices defined. Then the vertices are listed starting with 0 and going up to the number of vertices listed on the VERTICES line. Each vertex is defined by 3 numbers; x, y, and z. They represent relative locations on a 3-D graph. They are taken to 3 decimal places.
\par \pard 
\par \f4 | VERTICES 8
\par |    0:   0.000   2.000  -0.050
\par |    1: -10.000   2.000  -5.550
\par | ...
\par \f2 
\par 
\par After the vertex information, comes the polygonal information. Each object may be made up of either triangles or quads. 
\par The appropriate header and number of polygons defined are listed, TRIANGLES for triangles and QUADS for quadrilaterals. 
\par The polygons are described with a number starting at 0, then the vertex number for each end point is given (3 for triangles and 4 for quadrilaterals). Then a color is given to each polygon (0 to 255). Finally comes the shading used for each polygon.
\par 
\par Note that in order to use a texture for a polygon, you must set its shading to TEXTURE.
\par 
\par [Here is a list and quick explanation of each of the shading types:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph-5\trleft274 \cellx1985\cellx7655\pard\intbl \f4 FLAT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Normal, flat surface\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft274 \cellx1985\cellx7655\pard\intbl \f4 GOURAUD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Gouraud shading on surface\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft274 \cellx1985\cellx7655\pard\intbl \f4 VERTEX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Display only vertexes of polygon (like Death Star holo)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft274 \cellx1985\cellx7655\pard\intbl \f4 TEXTURE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 filled with a texture\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft274 \cellx1985\cellx7655\pard\intbl \f4 GOURTEX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 filled with a texture, plus gouraud shading on the texture\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph-5\trleft274 \cellx1985\cellx7655\pard\intbl \f4 PLANE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 texture on a horizontal plane (acts same as floor and ceiling textures -- must be 64*64, affected by flr and ceil txoffsets, and scrolled by elevators scroll_floor and scroll_ceiling)\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \tab - Jereth]
\par 
\par \f4 | TRIANGLES 12
\par | # Num  V1  V2  V3  Color  Shading
\par |   0:   1   2   3     0     PLANE
\par |   1:   0   1   3     0     PLANE
\par |   2:   5   1   0    62     FLAT
\par | ...  
\par \f2 
\par Also note that the vertices are listed in clockwise order if you are facing directly at the polygon.
\par [This simplifies hidden lines/surfaces algorithm, as you may determine the facet orientation with 3 of them [Yves]]
\par 
\par [end of Michael's section]\line

\par 
\par Here is a description of TEXTURE VERTICES and TEXTURE QUADS/TRIANGLES, which Michael didn't fully cover.
\par 
\par If textures are used (TEXTURE, GOURTEX or PLANE shading), then texture vertices and texture triangles/quads also needed to be defined.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b TEXTURE VERTICES:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par These are a set of points defined on an X-Y plane, where X and Y coordinate values are >=0 and <= 1. These points define relative positions on the texture being used for the current object, eg. for a 16 x 8 texture, the following TEXTURE VERTICE...
\par 
\par | #\tab num:\tab <x>\tab <y>
\par |\tab 0:\tab 0.5\tab 0.25
\par 
\par \tab ....defines a point on the texture at  (8, 2) in geometry units, or (64, 8) in pixels.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \b TEXTURE QUADS / TEXTURE TRIANGLES:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par These link texture vertices into a 3 or 4 sided polygon, hence deciding which portion of the texture is to be placed on the polygon.
\par 
\par For example, if you have an 16 x 8 texture, and the following 4 TEXTURE VERTICES:
\par 
\par | 0:\tab 0.00\tab 0.00
\par | 1:\tab 0.00\tab 0.50
\par | 2:\tab 1.00\tab 0.50
\par \pard | 3:\tab 1.00\tab 0.00
\par 
\par and the following TEXTURE QUAD:
\par 
\par | 0:\tab 0\tab 1\tab 2\tab 3
\par 
\par    
\par                                 ....the bottom half of the texture will be placed onto QUAD 0 of the object (i.e. up to an X value of 16, but only up to a Y value of 4) with the first vertice of the TEXTURE QUAD being placed on the first vertice of the QUAD, the second vertice on the second, and so on. So you can also orientate the portion of texture on the polygon any way you want by keeping the TEXTURE VERTICES pointed to in the same order, but varying the starting vertice, flip it by reversing the order of TEXTURE VERTICES pointed to, or even deform the texture by varying the order of the TEXTURE VERTICES pointed to.
\par   
\par     |         1:    2       1       0       3
\par \pard   
\par In this example, the texture will be flipped horizontally, and be on its side relative to TEXTURE QUAD 0 (the first example).
\par   
\par   
\par Of course, this section of the texture will need to be scaled to cover the whole polygon, so if the polygon is, say, a 64 by 32 rectangular QUAD, the texture will be expanded by a factor of 4 for the above example. If the polygon doesn't have dimensions of the same ratio as the portion of texture, the texture portion will be warped, eg. if the polygon for the above example is shaped like a regular trapezium, the top part of the texture will be squashed and the bottom part stretched.
\par   
\par It is okay to point to the same texture vertices over and over again if you for example want to put the same section of a texture on more than one polygon in the object.
\par \pard   
\par 
\par Note: TEXTURE VERTICES and TEXTURE QUADS / TRIANGLES are also needed for PLANE fill, although you can't decide what part of a texture is to be placed on a PLANE polygon. Hence the TEXTURE VERTICES pointed to by the TEXTURE QUAD / TRIANGLE are unused.
\par   
\par TEXTURE QUADS / TRIANGLES correspond with the polygons (having TEXTURE, GOURTEX or PLANE fill) that they are linked to. So if QUAD 0 and 2 of an object have a texture fill, but QUAD 1 is just gouraud or flat or otherwise, then TEXTURE QUAD 0 and 2 will be used, but TEXTURE QUAD 1 must also be defined even though it isn't used. So to be economical, you should have all polygons filled with a texture defined first within each object of the 3DO file.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0036}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} VUE Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1ELY.CP}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} 3D Studio;file format;VUE Files}
\b\fs32 VUE Files
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par [Slightly edited extract from VUE.TXT by Paul Nemesh]
\par [changed the references to "object name" to "id" which is what is used in the OFFSTVUE tool]
\par 
\par This what a sample .VUE looks like:
\par 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx6885 \pard\intbl \f4 | vue 1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx6885 \pard\intbl | transform "id" #1 #2 #3 #4 #5 #6 #7 #8 #9 #10 #11 #12\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx6885 \pard\intbl | transform "id" ......\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par "id" is the identifier (referenced by the .o file, see below). So you can store more than one set of 3D object motions within the one VUE, each with a different identifier.
\par 
\par The values for #1 through #9 are the coefficients of the rotating and scaling matrix that is used by DF to determine how to draw the .3do. [...]
\par 
\par The formulas are:
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx7025 \pard\intbl \f4 #1: Scale x [cos(H) x cos(R)]\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7025 \pard\intbl #2: Scale x [-sin(H) x cos(P) + cos(H) x sin(R) x sin(P)]\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7025 \pard\intbl #3: Scale x [-sin(H) x sin(P) - cos(H) x sin(R) x cos(P)]\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7025 \pard\intbl #4: Scale x [sin(H) x cos(R)]\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7025 \pard\intbl #5: Scale x [cos(H) x cos(P) + sin(H) x sin(R) x sin(P)]\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7025 \pard\intbl #6: Scale x [cos(H) x sin(P) - sin(H) x sin(R) x cos(P)]\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7025 \pard\intbl #7: Scale x [sin(R)]\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7025 \pard\intbl #8: Scale x [-cos(R) x sin(P)]\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7025 \pard\intbl #9: Scale x [cos(R) x cos(P)]\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par The values for #10 through #12 are:
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx7025 \pard\intbl \f4 #10: X coordinate\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7025 \pard\intbl #11: Z coordinate\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx7025 \pard\intbl #12: -Y coordinate\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par The .o file should have the following logic associated with the .3do:
\par 
\par \f4 SEQ
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx9175\pard\intbl  LOGIC: KEY\cell\pard \pard\intbl /* This always needs to be present. */\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx9175\pard\intbl  VUE: FILENAME.VUE "ID"\cell\pard \pard\intbl /* This is the filename of the .VUE, with the identifier in quotes. */\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx9175\pard\intbl  VUE_APPEND: FILENAM2.VUE "ID"\cell\pard \pard\intbl /* Same as the previous line, except this will be run directly after the first .VUE is finished. */\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx9175\pard\intbl  PAUSE: TRUE\cell\pard \pard\intbl /* If this line is used, the .VUE will run exactly once (like Kyle's ship taking off). If this line is omitted, the .VUE will continuously repeat itself. */\cell\intbl\row
\pard SEQEND
\par 
\par \f2 [End of extract]
\par 
\par Apparently, the very best way to generate VUE files is to use 3D Studio, as .VUE is a standard 3DS file format, used to describe objects motion. By the way, 3DS .ASC is the base format for the 3DOs, after which the LEC team converted them.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0037}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} VOC Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 124D03V}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format;VOC Files}
\b\fs32 VOC Files
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par These are standard .VOC files in the \b Creative Labs\plain\f2\fs20  format. 
\par 
\par The DF engine only accepts MONO 8-bit 11KHz (11025 Hz) .VOC files.
\par 
\par Note that sounds are looped (eg. the water and wind) using REPEAT/END REPEAT markers.
\par 
\par 
\par [by galt@dsd.es.com]
\par 
\par \f4 Creative Voice File (VOC) Format:
\par 
\par     HEADER (bytes 00-19)
\par     Series of DATA BLOCKS (bytes 1A+) [Must end w/ Terminator Block]
\par 
\par -----------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par HEADER:
\par =======
\par      byte #     Description
\par      ------     ------------------------------------------
\par      00-12      Creative Voice File
\par      13-15      1A 1A 00  (eof to abort printing of file)
\par      16-17      Version number (minor,major) (VOC-HDR puts 0A 01)
\par \pard      18-19      2's Comp of Ver. # + 1234h (VOC-HDR puts 29 11)
\par 
\par -----------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par DATA BLOCK:
\par ===========
\par 
\par    Data Block:  TYPE(1-byte), SIZE(3-bytes), INFO(0+ bytes)
\par    NOTE: Terminator Block is an exception -- it has only the TYPE byte.
\par 
\par       TYPE   Description     Size (3-byte int)   Info
\par       ----   -----------     -----------------   -----------------------
\par       00     Terminator      (NONE)              (NONE)
\par       01     Sound data      2+length of data    *
\par       02     Sound continue  length of data      Voice Data
\par       03     Silence         3                   **
\par       04     Marker          2                   Marker# (2 bytes)
\par \pard       05     ASCII           length of string    null terminated string
\par       06     Repeat          2                   Count# (2 bytes)
\par       07     End repeat      0                   (NONE)
\par 
\par       *Sound Info Format:       **Silence Info Format:
\par        ---------------------      ----------------------------
\par        00   Sample Rate           00-01  Length of silence - 1
\par        01   Compression Type      02     Sample Rate
\par        02+  Voice Data
\par 
\par 
\par   Marker#           -- Driver keeps the most recent marker in a status byte
\par   Count#            -- Number of repetitions + 1
\par \pard                          Count# may be 1 to FFFE for 0 - FFFD repetitions
\par                          or FFFF for endless repetitions
\par   Sample Rate       -- SR byte = 256-(1000000/sample_rate)
\par   Length of silence -- in units of sampling cycle
\par   Compression Type  -- of voice data
\par                          8-bits    = 0
\par                          4-bits    = 1
\par                          2.6-bits  = 2
\par                          2-bits    = 3
\par                          Multi DAC = 3+(# of channels) [interesting--
\par                                        this isn't in the developer's manual]
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0038}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} GMD Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IDUI90}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format;GMD Files}
\f2\b\fs32 GMD Files
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par They contain the musics.
\par 
\par [by Alex Novikov]
\par 
\par The header of GMD file (or the LFD GMID resource) consists of two fields:
\par 
\par \f4 GMD_Header IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Magic\cell\pard \pard\intbl char[4]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // the string 'MIDI'\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Size\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Size of the whole file excluding header\line
// inverted byte order\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par The order of bytes in the Size field is inverted: the first byte is the highest byte, the 4th byte is the lowest byte of the value (this order is normal for Mac, but inverted for PC).
\par 
\par Then follow a variable number of chunks in format:
\par 
\par \f4 GMD_Chunk IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Type\cell\pard \pard\intbl char[4]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // chunk type\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx8505\pard\intbl  Size\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Size of the chunk excluding header\line
// inverted byte order\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par The field Size has the inverted order of bytes - same as the field Size of the file header.
\par 
\par The following Chunks are encountered:
\par 
\par MDpg
\par Varied length, usually 14 (0Eh)
\par Very strange content - mostly doesn't change from file to file, but if it does - some new byte is INSERTED between usual ones (with chunk size preserved, so the last byte of chunk goes).
\par 
\par MThd
\par 6 bytes long.
\par Normal MIDI header. Indicates MIDI format 2.
\par 
\par \pard\tx2835\tx5675\tx8515 \f4 MTHD_CHUNK IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3535\cellx8405\pard\intbl Format\cell\pard \pard\intbl INVERTED_INT\cell\pard \pard\intbl // always 2 (MIDI2 format)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3535\cellx8405\pard\intbl NTracks\cell\pard \pard\intbl INVERTED_INT\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Number of tracks in the file\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3535\cellx8405\pard\intbl Division\cell\pard \pard\intbl INVERTED_INT\cell\pard \pard\intbl // always 1E0h (tempo constant)\cell\intbl\row
\pard\tx2835\tx5675\tx8515 \'7d
\par 
\par \f2 INVERTED_INT is an INT with inverted byte order.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par MTrk
\par Normal MIDI format 0(2) track data with the exception that "running status" (i.e. if one MIDI event followed by the same MIDI event with different parameters, the MIDI event code can omitted) is not used/supported. You cannot omit MIDI event codes.This basically means that GMD MTrk data are compatible with the MIDI standard, but MTrk from external MIDIs can be (and often are) incompatible with the GMD standard. See SMF (Standard MIDI File) specs for more info on MTrk chunk content.
\par 
\par 
\par The additional data in GMD's MTrk chunks is internal iMuse commands. Internal iMuse commands are stored as SysEx (System Exclusive) messages. They usually look like:
\par 
\par \f4 F0 Size 7D 03 TEXT 00 F7
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx8405\pard\intbl F0\cell\pard \pard\intbl  identifier of SysEx message\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx8405\pard\intbl Size\cell\pard \pard\intbl  value of message size in MIDI variable length format\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx8405\pard\intbl 7D 03\cell\pard \pard\intbl  probably an identifier of iMuse message\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx8405\pard\intbl TEXT\cell\pard \pard\intbl  a text string of several characters\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx8405\pard\intbl 00\cell\pard \pard\intbl  string terminator\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx8405\pard\intbl F7\cell\pard \pard\intbl  SysEx message terminator\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par The encountered messages are (TEXT part):
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2685\cellx8405\pard\intbl \f4 start new\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2685\cellx8405\pard\intbl stalk trans #\cell\pard \pard\intbl // # is a number appears to be a float\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2685\cellx8405\pard\intbl fight trans #,#\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2685\cellx8405\pard\intbl engage trans #\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2685\cellx8405\pard\intbl from fight #,#\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2685\cellx8405\pard\intbl from stalk #,#,#\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2685\cellx8405\pard\intbl from boss #\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2685\cellx8405\pard\intbl clear callback\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2685\cellx8405\pard\intbl to X\cell\pard \pard\intbl // X= A,B,C...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2685\cellx8405\pard\intbl to Xslow\cell\pard \pard\intbl // X= A,B,C...\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par The number of parameters may vary. And, actually, the effect of these messages is not really known.
\par 
\par There are also iMuse messages beginning with 7D 01 whose format is unknown.
\par They seem to have something to do with looping the in-level music.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0039}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} MSG Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1FDCZ78}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format;MSG Files}
\b\fs32 MSG Files
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par They contain the text messages used in the game.
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1135\cellx7935\pard\intbl text.msg\cell\pard \pard\intbl Contains in-game text messages. You can create new messages or patch existing ones. New messages can be displayed with the "TEXT:" INF function.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1135\cellx7935\pard\intbl local.msg\cell\pard \pard\intbl Contains run-time error messages and should be left untouched.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1135\cellx7935\pard\intbl hotkeys.msg\cell\pard \pard\intbl Contains menu hotkeys and should be left untouched\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par General format:
\par 
\par \f4 | MSG 1.0
\par |
\par | MSGS 119
\par |
\par | # internal game messages
\par | 0    0:  "Joystick Off"
\par | ...
\par | END
\par \f2 
\par MSGS is the number of messages. Don't forget to update it if you add messages.
\par 
\par I found no problems by adding messages to TEXT.MSG at 900 and more.
\par 
\par eg.
\par \f4 | 900  1:  "Hurry up !"
\par \f2 
\par The number followed by a colon (eg. 1:) rates the importance of the message relative to other messages in the MSG file. '0: ' is the most important, and as the number increases, the message becomes less important. If a message is currently on screen, it can be immediately overwritten with one of the same or more importance, otherwise if the incoming message is less important, it won't be shown. So for example, you will probably want the pickup message of a goal item to be more important than the pickup message of a shield or clip.
\par \pard 
\par The 'cheat messages' are from 700 onwards. 
\par Just so you know where to insert a few 'Cheater!' and 'Chicken Mode ON' ... :-)
\par 
\par \page
\pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:003a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} ANIM (ANM Files)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 30X.Z8.}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} ANIM;ANM Files;file format}
\b\fs32 ANIM (ANM Files)
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Those LFD resources contain animations played in the cutscenes, the missions objective screens that appear in the PDA, and the game menus.
\par ANIMs are quite logically a collection of DELTs.
\par 
\par Note: the .anm extension is a convention adopted by add-on developers when writing conversion programs, there are no real ANM files in DARK FORCES.
\par 
\par Their format is quite simple:
\par 
\par \f4 ANIM_Header IS
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1555\cellx3115\cellx7365\pard\intbl \{\-\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1555\cellx3115\cellx7365\pard\intbl  NbDELT\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // number of embedded DELTs\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1555\cellx3115\cellx7365\pard\intbl \'7d\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par Then follows each DELT, encoded as :
\par 
\par \f4 ANIM_DELTData IS
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx7365\pard\intbl \{\-\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx7365\pard\intbl  DELTSize\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // the size of the embedded DELT\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx7365\pard\intbl  aDELT\cell\pard \pard\intbl bytes[n]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // a complete DELT resource\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3115\cellx7365\pard\intbl \'7d\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:003b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DELT (DLT Files)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 32BOO__}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} DELT;DLT Files;file format}
\b\fs32 DELT (DLT Files)
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par A DELT LFD resource codes a static image. 
\par They are generally used as backgrounds for ANIMs, but their most important use is in the briefings 'texts' (the scrollable section of the briefing screen) which are a DELT stored in dfbrief.lfd for each level
\par 
\par Note: the .dlt extension is a convention adopted by add-on developers when writing conversion programs, there are no real DLT files in DARK FORCES.
\par 
\par 
\par \f4 DELT_Header IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1555\cellx2835\cellx7225\pard\intbl  OffsX\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // X offset\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1555\cellx2835\cellx7225\pard\intbl  OffsY\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Y offset\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1555\cellx2835\cellx7225\pard\intbl  SizeX\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // X size - 1 !\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1555\cellx2835\cellx7225\pard\intbl  SizeY\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Y size - 1 !\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par 
\par After the header, a variable number of \b line descriptors\plain\f2\fs20  follow.
\par They are composed of an header and some data.
\par 
\par \f4 DELT_Line
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1555\cellx2835\cellx7225\pard\intbl SizeAndType\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // size and compression of the line\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1555\cellx2835\cellx7225\pard\intbl StartX\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // X position of line start\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1555\cellx2835\cellx7225\pard\intbl StartY\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Y position of line start\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par StartX and StartY indicate the point where to start the drawing. You can start in the middle of a line, and draw a portion of it. Lines need not be in consequential order. You can split one line in more than one section. Portions not covered are, of course, transparent.
\par 
\par Bits 1-15 of SizeAndType indicate the number of pixels described in this section.
\par 
\par If bit 0 of SizeAndType is 0, the byte following the header contains the number of bytes to copy.
\par Those bytes follow.
\par 
\par If bit 0 is 1, data compressed with RLE follows.
\par This data may be composed of copy and RLE parts, which is indicated by \b bit 0\plain\f2\fs20  of the count byte.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:003c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} FILM (FLM Files)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1Q2SIX6}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format;FILM;FLM Files}
\b\fs32 FILM (FLM Files)
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par A FILM LFD resource handles the scripting of a scene.
\par It specifies the PLTT to use as palette, the DELT to use as background, the ANIM to play, and the VOIC to play during the ANIM.
\par The PLTT, DELT and ANIM are in the same LFD as the FILM, while all the VOIC seem to refer to jedisfx.lfd
\par 
\par Note: the .flm extension is a convention adopted by add-on developers when writing conversion programs, there are no real FLM files in DARK FORCES.
\par 
\par First comes a header :
\par 
\par \f4 FILM_Header IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1415\cellx2835\cellx6095\pard\intbl  u1\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unknown\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1415\cellx2835\cellx6095\pard\intbl  u2\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unknown\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1415\cellx2835\cellx6095\pard\intbl  nbENTRIES\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // number of entries\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par Then follow a series of entries:
\par 
\par \f4 FILM_Entry IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7795\pard\intbl  TYPE\cell\pard \pard\intbl char[4]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // type of the resource\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7795\pard\intbl  NAME\cell\pard \pard\intbl char[8]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // name of the resource\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7795\pard\intbl  LENGTH\cell\pard \pard\intbl long\cell\pard \pard\intbl // length of the resource\line
// including this structure\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par Note that this structure is identical to the LFD_IX_Entry structure.
\par 
\par Each entry may be:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5665\pard\intbl \b Section\cell\pard \pard\intbl Description\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5665\pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 ANIM\cell\pard \pard\intbl animation, this is a collection of DELT\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5665\pard\intbl DELT\cell\pard \pard\intbl static image in delta format\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5665\pard\intbl PLTT\cell\pard \pard\intbl palette used for ANIM and DELT\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5665\pard\intbl VOIC\cell\pard \pard\intbl VOC (standard Creative Labs format)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5665\pard\intbl VIEW\cell\pard \pard\intbl First entry in the FILM\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5665\pard\intbl CUST\cell\pard \pard\intbl Custom\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par The first entry is of type VIEW.
\par The PLTT entry seems to be of fixed size, and the ANIM entry depends on the number of frames in the animation.
\par See Carl Kenner's Description for more details on these entries.
\par 
\par Then comes a trailer:
\par 
\par \f4 FILM_Trailer IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1415\cellx2835\cellx6095\pard\intbl  MAGIC\cell\pard \pard\intbl char[4]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // = 'END' + 0x00\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1415\cellx2835\cellx6095\pard\intbl  u1\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unknown\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1415\cellx2835\cellx6095\pard\intbl  u2\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unknown\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1415\cellx2835\cellx6095\pard\intbl  u3\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unknown\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par See \uldb Carl Kenner's description\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 22CF9EE}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:003d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} FILM (FLM Files)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 22CF9EE}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format;FILM;FLM Files}
\b\fs32 FILM (FLM Files)
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Here is Carl Kenner's much more complete description of FILMs.
\par 
\par \f4 FILM File Specs (DOS Name = .FLM)
\par ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
\par Addresses mentioned are hexadecimal. Values are decimal.
\par 
\par Film files contain the directions of what to do in a cutscene.
\par Although they can also be used for dialog boxes, this is rare and should not bother you.
\par 
\par They are part of the LANDRU system developed by Ed "Kill'em" Kilham, and as such are only found in .LFD files. They are used in Dark Forces, X-Wing, Imperial Pursuit, B-Wing, TIE Fighter and Defender of the Empire.
\par 
\par Here is the format of the header:
\par 
\par 00:    Magic  (Integer)         Always equals 4
\par 02:    FilmLength (Integer)     In clock ticks (about 1/10 of a second)
\par \pard 04:    ObjectCount (Integer)    Not including END
\par 
\par "Magic" may mean something, but it probably just identifies it as a FILM file.
\par 
\par A series of ObjectCount object blocks follows.
\par Here is the format of each object block:
\par 
\par 00:    Extension (4 chars)        Block Type Name (see table)
\par 04:    Name (8 chars)             File Name (see table)
\par 0C:    TotalLength (Long Int)     Total length of Block (BlockLength + 22)
\par 10:    BlockType (Integer)        (See Table)
\par 12:    NumberOfCommands (Integer) Number Of Commands (including End command)
\par 14:    BlockLength (Integer)      TotalLength - 22 (don't ask me why)
\par 16:    ===== Command List ======  (see below)
\par \pard 
\par If the object file doesn't exist you will get an error in a dialog box saying
\par "Unable to load all items in cutscene _________"
\par 
\par ============================
\par Block Types
\par ----------------------------
\par 01:    END/0
\par 02:    VIEW
\par 03:    DELT   ANIM   CUST
\par 04:    PLTT
\par 05:    VOIC
\par ============================
\par 
\par ================================================================
\par BlockNames
\par ----------------------------------------------------------------
\par VIEW:    "UNTITLED"  \'5c  Maybe you can give the film a title,
\par END:     "UNTITLED"  /  but nobody ever does, so I don't either.
\par CUST:    "CUSTOM"
\par Otherwise it is the filename
\par ================================================================
\par 
\par Here is the format of each command:
\par 
\par 00: CommandLength (Integer)   Total length of the command
\par 02: Command (Integer)         (See Table)
\par \pard 04: ParameterList (Integers)  (CommandLength-4) / 2 parameters
\par 
\par ====================================================
\par Commands (decimal not hex)
\par --------------- General Commands -------------------
\par 0:  Unused ???
\par 1:  Unused ???
\par 2:  END ()
\par 3:  *TIME* (timeframe)
\par --------------- Type 3 Commands --------------------
\par 4:  MOVE (x, y, 0, 0)
\par 5:  SPEED (horizontal, vertical, 0, 0)
\par 6:  LAYER (z)
\par 7:  FRAME (n, ?0?)
\par 8:  ANIMATE (direction, ?0?)
\par 9:  CUE (n)
\par 10: VAR (v) ???
\par 11: WINDOW (xMin, yMin, xMax, yMax)
\par 12: ?
\par 13: SWITCH (OnOff)
\par 14: ???? (1, 0/1)
\par --------------- Palette commands -----------------
\par 15: PALETTE (0)
\par 16: ?
\par 17: ?
\par ----------------- View Commands ------------------
\par 18: CUT (c, t)
\par \pard 19: ?
\par ----------------- Sound Commands -----------------
\par 20: LOOP (0)
\par 21: ?
\par 22: ?
\par 23: ?
\par 24: PRELOAD (2/1)
\par 25: SOUND (OnOff, volume, 0, 0)
\par 26: ?
\par 27: ?
\par 28: STEREO (OnOff, volume, 0, 0, PanPosition, 0, 0)
\par ====================================================
\par 
\par All .FILM files must have one VIEW block and it must be the first.
\par It's name should be UNTITLED.
\par There is also a END block at the end of the file. It is not counted in NumberOfObjects. It contains only the first part of the object block header. It has the same name as the VIEW block.
\par 
\par One or Two CUST blocks both named CUSTOM are optional. They are not associated with files.
\par 
\par 
\par Command Descriptions:
\par ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
\par 
\par END ()
\par ======
\par Length: 4
\par Number: 2
\par Syntax: END
\par 
\par This command is always the last command for an object.
\par \pard 
\par *TIME* () 
\par =========
\par Length: 6
\par Number: 3
\par Syntax: *TIME* x
\par     or  *TIME* x.x
\par 
\par This command is always the first command for an object. It tells LANDRU when to do the following commands up to the next *TIME* command.
\par The next *TIME* command tells it when to do the commands following it, etc.
\par Any commands between 2 *TIME* commands will be done simultaneously (almost).
\par *TIME* commands must come in chronological order otherwise the LANDRU system
\par will hang (or give an error message?).
\par 
\par x is the time in clock ticks (about 1/10th of a second).
\par x.x is the time in seconds approximately (decimal number). 
\par 
\par -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par Type 3 Commands
\par -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par These commands may only be used on graphical objects or a CUSTOM object.
\par 
\par MOVE (x, y, 0, 0)
\par =================
\par length: 12 or 18
\par \pard number: 4
\par Syntax: MOVE x y 0 0
\par     or  MOVE x y 0 0 0 0 0
\par     or  MOVETO x y 0 0
\par     or  MOVETO x y 0 0 0 0 0
\par 
\par Moves the object to the coordinates (x,y).
\par All objects are at the origin (0,0) at the start.
\par 
\par SPEED (right, down, 0, 0)
\par =========================
\par length: 12 or 18
\par number: 5
\par Syntax: SPEED right down 0 0
\par     or  SPEED right down 0 0 0 0 0
\par 
\par Changes the objects horizontal speed to <right> and its veritcal speed to <down>. Negatives mean left and up respectively.
\par The units are approximately decapixels per time frame, or something similar.
\par Objects are stationary by default.
\par 
\par LAYER (z)
\par =========
\par length: 6
\par number: 6
\par Syntax: LAYER z
\par 
\par Changes the object's layer to z. The smaller or more negative <z> is the further forward it is. Objects with a low <z> move in front of objects with a high <z>.
\par \pard Objects always start on layer 0.
\par 100 is usually the background.
\par *** I think that layer zero is done like the text crawl for scene #30 ***
\par 
\par FRAME (n, ?0?)
\par ==============
\par length: 8
\par number: 7
\par Syntax: FRAME n 0
\par ? or ?  FRAME n 128
\par 
\par Displays the frame number <n> of a .ANIM object.
\par If n is odd then frame <n>-1 will be drawn first then frame <n> will be drawn on top. If <n> is higher than the number of frames in a .ANIM then you will get an error message:
\par " XACTOR.C: Value out of bounds. "
\par or something similar.
\par Animations start at frame 0.
\par 
\par ANIMATE (direction, ?0?)
\par ========================
\par length: 8
\par number: 8
\par Syntax: ANIMATE direction 0
\par ??? or  ANIMATE direction 128
\par 
\par Direction may be one of the following:
\par \pard  0, OFF
\par  1, ON, FORWARDS
\par -1, BACKWARDS
\par 
\par This command starts a .ANIM object animating in the appropriate direction.
\par .ANIMs start, by default, inanimate on frame 0.
\par 
\par CUE (n)
\par =======
\par length: 6
\par number: 9
\par Syntax: CUE n
\par 
\par If used in a CUST object in Dark Forces then it sends a cue to iMuse to start the music. This corresponds to the cue number (which is only a comment) in the CUTMUSE.TXT file under the SEQUENCE specified in the CUTSCENE.LST file. Music is not a part of Landru so it is found in GOB files not LFD files. This makes it HARD to add music to cutscenes.
\par 
\par If used in a CUST object in X-Wing or TIE Fighter then it handles all sorts of goodies, such as speech, text and music. The VAR command also plays an important role.
\par 
\par If used in a graphical object then it probably does nothing useful.
\par \pard 
\par VAR (n)
\par =======
\par length: 6
\par number: 10
\par Syntax: VAR n
\par 
\par Unknown. Used mainly in X-Wing, TIE Fighter CUST objects.
\par 
\par WINDOW (xMin, yMin, xMax, yMax)
\par ===============================
\par length: 12
\par number: 11
\par Syntax: WINDOW xMin yMin xMax yMax
\par 
\par Probably clips and limits the displayed image to the specified region.
\par Useful to make stars fit a window, when other parts are transparent.
\par 
\par SWITCH (OnOff)                          \'5c    |    / 
\par ==============                            \'5c  |  / 
\par length: 6                              -  -  *  -  -
\par number: 13                                /  |  \'5c
\par Syntax: SWITCH OnOff                    /    |    \'5c 
\par \pard 
\par OnOff may be one of the following:
\par 0, OFF
\par 1, ON
\par 
\par This command is VERY important. It switches the graphic on or off.
\par When graphics are switched off they are not displayed.
\par Graphics are SWITCHED OFF BY DEFAULT.
\par Objects should always be switched on at the start and switched off at the end (NumberOfFrames-1).
\par 
\par ???? (1, 0/1)
\par =============
\par length: 8
\par number: 14
\par Syntax ???? 1 0
\par    or  ???? 1 1
\par 
\par This command is quite common is some games, but I have no idea what it does.
\par It can't do anything important because cutscenes work fine without it.
\par 
\par -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par Palette Commands
\par -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par These commands may only be used on palette objects. (Type 4)
\par 
\par PALETTE (0)
\par ===========
\par Length: 6
\par Number: 15
\par Syntax: PALETTE 0
\par 
\par Sets the palette to the palette in this palette file.
\par \pard 
\par -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par View Commands
\par -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par These commands may only be used on the View Block.
\par A VIEW block must always be present, but may contain no commands.
\par 
\par CUT (how, type)
\par ===============
\par Length: 8
\par Number: 18
\par Syntax: CUT how type
\par 
\par I'm not sure exactly what this does, but it is definately a cut of some sort.
\par 
\par <how> may be one of the following:
\par 1, SWAP
\par 2, CLEAR
\par 3, DIRTY
\par 12, FadeRight
\par 13, FadeLeft
\par 14, FadeUp
\par 15, FadeDown
\par 21, FadeUpDown
\par 2333, FadeToBlack
\par 23, Stop
\par 
\par <type> may be one of the following:
\par 2, Old
\par 3, End
\par 4, New
\par 
\par -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par Sound Commands
\par -----------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par These commands may only be used on sound objects. (Type 5)
\par 
\par SOUND (OnOff, Volume, 0, 0)
\par \pard ===========================
\par Length: 12
\par Number: 25
\par Syntax: SOUND 1 volume% 0 0
\par    or : SOUND 0 0 ? ?
\par 
\par Plays the sound or switches it off depending on the value of OnOff.
\par 
\par STEREO (OnOff, Volume%, 0, 0, PanPosition, 0, 0)
\par ================================================
\par Length: 18 or 24
\par Number: 28
\par Syntax: STEREO 1 volume% 0 0 PanPosition 0 0
\par    or   STEREO 0 0 ? ? 0 ? ?
\par     
\par Plays a sound in stereo or switches it off.
\par PanPosition is 0-255.
\par 0 = left
\par 255 = right
\par 128/127 = center
\par 
\par LOOP (0)
\par ========
\par Length: 6
\par Number: 20
\par Syntax: LOOP 0
\par 
\par Breaks out of the current repeating loop. (I think)
\par 
\par PRELOAD (2/1)
\par =============
\par Length: 6
\par Number: 24
\par Syntax: PRELOAD 1
\par    or   PRELOAD 2
\par 
\par Unknown. Probably has something to do with loading?
\par \pard \f2 
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:003e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} PLTT (PLT Files)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_FIRUD}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format;PLT Files;PLTT}
\b\fs32 PLTT (PLT Files)
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par PLTT LFD resources are of variable size, and store a (possibly incomplete) palette used by ANIM and DELT resources.
\par 
\par Note: the .plt extension is a convention adopted by add-on developers when writing conversion programs, there are no real PLT files in DARK FORCES.
\par 
\par \f4 PLTT_File IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3685\cellx7505\pard\intbl  First\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // first color in the palette\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3685\cellx7505\pard\intbl  Last\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // last color in the palette\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3685\cellx7505\pard\intbl  colors\cell\pard \pard\intbl RGB_Color[n]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // n = Last - First + 1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3685\cellx7505\pard\intbl  pad1\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // unused = 0\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par Where:
\par 
\par \f4 RGB_Color Is
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3685\cellx7365\pard\intbl  R\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Red intensity\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3685\cellx7365\pard\intbl  G\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Green intensity\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3685\cellx7365\pard\intbl  B\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Blue intensity\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par Note that contrary to the PAL files, the intensities range from 0 to 255 in the PLTT resources.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:003f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} FONT (FON Files)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DNCAEV}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format;FON Files;FONT}
\b\fs32 FONT (FON Files)
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par These LFD resources store a proportional character set, which may be incomplete.
\par I found two examples : font6 and font8.
\par 
\par Note: the .fon extension is a convention adopted by add-on developers when writing conversion programs, there are no real FON files in DARK FORCES. There are FNT files however, which are quite different !
\par 
\par \f4 FON_Header IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx3535\cellx8075\pard\intbl  First\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // First character in font\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx3535\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Last\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Last character in font\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx3535\cellx8075\pard\intbl  u1\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // 8, could be bits per char line\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx3535\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Height\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Height of Chars\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx3535\cellx8075\pard\intbl  u2\cell\pard \pard\intbl int\cell\pard \pard\intbl // could be average Width\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx3535\cellx8075\pard\intbl  \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl // or the minimal Width to use\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx3535\cellx8075\pard\intbl  pad1\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte[2]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // 2 times 0x00\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par Then follows a block of (Last-First+1) bytes (one per character), which code the width of the corresponding character.
\par 
\par \f4 FON_Characters_Widths IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx3535\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Widths\cell\pard \pard\intbl byte[Last-First+1]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // each byte is the width of one\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx3535\cellx8075\pard\intbl  \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl // character\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par Then each character is described in turn:
\par 
\par \f4 FON_Character IS
\par \{\-
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx3535\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Bitmap\cell\pard \pard\intbl Byte[Height]\cell\pard \pard\intbl // Height bytes for each character\cell\intbl\row
\pard \'7d
\par \f2 
\par Now the funny part: each of these bytes is a bitmap representation of a line of the character. A bit set correspond to a pixel drawn on the screen.
\par 
\par For example, if the bytes are 48h, FCh, 48h, FCh, 48h, 00h
\par this gives
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx705\cellx2125\pard\intbl \f4 48h\cell\pard \pard\intbl .X..X...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx705\cellx2125\pard\intbl FCh\cell\pard \pard\intbl XXXXXX..\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx705\cellx2125\pard\intbl 48h\cell\pard \pard\intbl .X..X...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx705\cellx2125\pard\intbl FCh\cell\pard \pard\intbl XXXXXX..\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx705\cellx2125\pard\intbl 48h\cell\pard \pard\intbl .X..X...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx705\cellx2125\pard\intbl 00h\cell\pard \pard\intbl ........\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par Which is the # character.
\par Note that the width as referenced in the FON_Characters_Widths array would be 6 for this character. 
\par In fact, FON_Characters_Widths must be used to determine where on the screen to draw the next character.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0040}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} VOIC (VOC Files)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} BBI2RV}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format;VOC Files;VOIC}
\b\fs32 VOIC (VOC Files)
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Those LFD resources store .VOC files, in the Creative Labs format.
\par It seems that all the VOIC resources are in the jedisfx.lfd file.
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0041}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} GMID (GMD Files)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KD_9JP}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} file format;GMD Files;GMID}
\b\fs32 GMID (GMD Files)
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Those LFD resources store .GMD general midi files.
\par 
\par \page
\pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0050}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} BRIEFING.LST}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} B2XP.5}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} briefing.lst File;file format}
\b\fs32 BRIEFING.LST
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par [by Nicola Salmoria]
\par 
\par In DARK.GOB we have the file BRIEFINGS.LST, its contents are trivial:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx565\cellx5665\pard\intbl LEV\cell\pard \pard\intbl name of the level\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx565\cellx5665\pard\intbl LFD\cell\pard \pard\intbl name of the .LFD file to take the briefing from\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx565\cellx5665\pard\intbl ANI\cell\pard \pard\intbl name of the ANIM (in the .LFD file) to use as background\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx565\cellx5665\pard\intbl PAL\cell\pard \pard\intbl the palette to use\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par [It seems that LFD containing briefings and objective screens \b must\plain\f2\fs20  be called DFBRIEF.LFD, or the PDA won't work properly - Jereth]
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0051}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} CUTSCENE.LST}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JUEH4E}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} cutscene.lst File;file format}
\b\fs32 CUTSCENE.LST
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par [by Michael Taylor]
\par 
\par The cutscene.lst file contains the necessary information to display the various scenes in between missions. This includes the starting logos and the ending credits. The file is integrated with the various LFD files that make up the cutscenes. Following is the complete file format and the descriptive notes I have made. 
\par 
\par \i\b\fs24 File Format
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Firstly, comments are denoted by the pound sign (#). Everything after the sign is ignored until the end of the line.
\par 
\par First comes the magic 'CUT' and a version number.
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx5765 \pard\intbl \f4 | CUT 1.0\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par Next is the keyword CUTS and the number of cutscenes defined in the file.
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx5765 \pard\intbl \f4 | CUTS 39\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par Then starts the cutscene information:
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx5765 \pard\intbl \f4\fs18 | \fs20 550:  gromas1.lfd  gromas1   10  0  0  3  100\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par Lets decipher this line. The first number is an id number used by the LFD file. It seems that each mission is given its own id number and therefore you cannot change the first id number but you may add id numbers which in effect adds more cutscenes to a file. More on this later.
\par Note: as stated in the file, don't change the ftextcra.lfd scenes id number, it is hardcoded into the program.
\par 
\par [There are in fact id numbers which are hardcoded to be played before and after each level. Cutscene 100 is played before level 1, 150 is played after level 1, 200 is played before level 2, 250 is played after level 2 and so on. Also note that cutscene 10 is played just after loading up DF, and 1500 when the game has been completed. And for your interest, the reason the textcrawl is hardcoded at 30 is because cutscene 30 was specially designed to have the text scroll into the distance -- giving the textcrawl another id number will cause it to scroll straight up -Jereth]
\par \pard 
\par Next comes the resource file that contains the cutscene and following this a scenes file. You can move most of the resource files around and effectively change the scenes provided you also change the scenes file. I received an error message when I tried to change the scenes file while leaving the resource file the same. It is possible to swap files, for example you can have the credits displayed prior to the Dark Forces logo if you swap lines 41 and 40. This is not a good way to swap scenes though. I'll show you a better way later.
\par 
\par [Actually, the resource file is the .LFD to take the cutscene from, while the scenes file is the FILM within the .LFD to use as a script for the cutscene. So they do \b not\plain\f2\fs20  actually need to have the same name - Jereth]
\par 
\par Next comes the speed at which the scene is showed. It must be in the range of 5-20 else an error message is displayed. 20 is the fastest. I use this to speed up the starting logos when I'm testing things in the cutscene.lst file.
\par \pard 
\par The next number is the scene id that should be displayed when this one ends. Zero means that this is the last scene to display. This is by far the best way to swap scenes. For example if you want to show the credits prior to the Dark Forces logo then you would change the next scene number in line 30 to 41 and then change the next scene number in line 41 to 40. Finally, change the next scene number in line 40 to 0. If you forget to change the last scene's next scene number to 0 then it will get into a loop. By changing the next scene number, you can also add your own cutscenes.
\par 
\par The next number is the skip scene number. This number determines which scene to be displayed if ESC [or Enter] is hit. In most files, it should be zero which means to go to the menu or the next mission. But it can contain an id number for a scene.
\par \pard 
\par Next comes the SEQ number for the cutmuse.txt file. This links the appropriate music with the scenes.
\par 
\par  Finally is the volume at which the sound is played. 100 is normal.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0052}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} CUTMUSE.TXT}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 97IOA3}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} cutmuse.txt File;file format}
\b\fs32 CUTMUSE.TXT
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par This file controls the music to be played during cutscenes.
\par CUTMUSE.TXT accepts // comments.
\par 
\par 
\par \i\b File Format
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl \f4 SEQUENCE: 1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl // cue 1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl CUE: star-thm\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl 0 0 0 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl // cue 2\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl CUE: star-thm\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl B 2 B 2\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl ...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl SEQUENCE: 2\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl // cue 1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl CUE: execmus\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl 0 0 0 0\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trleft4 \cellx2345 \pard\intbl ...\cell\intbl\row
\pard \f2 
\par Note: there is no header.
\par 
\par 
\par As you can see, the file is split into a number of \b Sequences\plain\f2\fs20  which correspond to the "SEQ number" in CUTSCENE.LST. Sequences are nothing more than logical groupings of cutscenes that are played together, for example the starting sequence, the long sequence before TALAY, the ending sequence. The whole point of a sequence is that in CUTSCENE.LST, only the first cutscene in each sequence of cutscenes needs to point to the corresponding music sequence in CUTMUSE.TXT -- the rest can have "SEQ number" set to 0 as the same music sequence selected at the first cutscene will apply throughout the remainder of the cutscene sequence.
\par 
\par Sequences each have a number of \b Cues\plain\f2\fs20  which are fired by the CUST objects in FILMs of cutscenes. Cues define a .GMD file (note - without the extension) to play the music from, what chunk within it to play, and how and when to play the chunk.
\par \pard 
\par Note: the numbering of CUEs in CUTMUSE.TXT are just comments -- they are not actually defined with numbers.
\par 
\par [Thanks to Alex Novikov for lots of help in figuring out the following]
\par 
\par Cues point to the chunk to be played like this:
\par 
\par %c %d %c %d
\par 
\par The two characters refer to MTrk chunks within the GMD. Capital letters are used, i.e. A, B, C, D, E..... where A is the first track, B is the second...... The numbers seem to refer to a point in the track -- larger numbers will start the track from further on. They maybe refer to a number of patterns or an interval of time (seconds or beats?), from the start of the track.
\par 
\par Now, the overall meaning seems to be something like this: the first character and number refer to a certain point in the music, which when reached, will change the music to a point defined by the second character and number. So "C 7 D 2" possibly means: when the music reaches track C time/pattern 7, then change to track D time/pattern 2. All this will happen when a FILM CUST object fires the Cue.
\par \pard 
\par There are also a few exceptions:
\par 
\par "0 0 0 0" seems to be the equivilant of  "give no command", so the music will just play on through unless it gets into a melody loop.
\par 
\par "1 0 0 0" usually means start the next track, but it has varying effects in different cutscenes, and sometimes will bring the music out of a loop, but sometimes won't.
\par 
\par ". 0 0 0" will fade the music away.
\par 
\par A lot of this seems to be dependant on the internal iMUSE commands within GMD tracks, whose workings are unfortunately still very much unknown.
\par \page
\pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0042}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Reference}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IOD2QD}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} lists;reference}
\b\fs32 Reference
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \b\fs24 DF executable and DF engine
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \pard\tx4785\tx8605 \uldb Cheat Codes\plain\f2\fs20 {\v ZW.DR5}
\par \pard \uldb dark.exe command line\plain\f2\fs20 {\v VZEPPP}
\par 
\par \uldb A few words about the DF engine scene rendering\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 95CQX_}
\par \uldb Limitations on objects\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 3H1OBU}
\par 
\par \uldb Metrics\plain\f2\fs20 {\v _EYDJV}
\par 
\par \b\fs24 Descriptions Lists
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \uldb SOUNDS.GOB contents\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 19ZVI.K}
\par \uldb SPRITES.GOB contents\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1F.4HIP}
\par \uldb TEXTURES.GOB (A-N) contents\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1B33_.P}
\par \uldb TEXTURES.GOB (R-Z) contents\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1.3Q9W_}
\par 
\par \uldb Cutscenes LFD files contents\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 4P7LKRE}
\par \uldb DFBRIEF.LFD description\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 184Q0WE}
\par \uldb JEDISFX.LFD contents\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 32C6LZ7}
\par 
\par \uldb Resources Cross Reference\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 0ZLFI3}
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0043}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Cheat Codes}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ZW.DR5}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} cheat codes}
\b\fs32 CHEAT CODES
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Just in case you haven't found them anywhere else !
\par I've also shown the equivalent or nearest cheat for DOOMers.
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1975\cellx4395\cellx7935\pard\intbl \b DF CHEAT\cell\pard \pard\intbl NOTES\cell\pard \pard\intbl DOOM CHEAT\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1975\cellx4395\cellx7935\pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1975\cellx4395\cellx7935\pard\intbl LABUG\cell\pard \pard\intbl bug mode\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1975\cellx4395\cellx7935\pard\intbl LACDS\cell\pard \pard\intbl map with things\cell\pard \pard\intbl IDDT x2\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1975\cellx4395\cellx7935\pard\intbl LADATA\cell\pard \pard\intbl coordinates & %secret\cell\pard \pard\intbl IDMYPOS\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1975\cellx4395\cellx7935\pard\intbl LAIMLAME\cell\pard \pard\intbl total invincibility\cell\pard \pard\intbl IDDQD\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1975\cellx4395\cellx7935\pard\intbl LAMAXOUT\cell\pard \pard\intbl get everything\cell\pard \pard\intbl IDKFA\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1975\cellx4395\cellx7935\pard\intbl LANTFH\cell\pard \pard\intbl teleport (*)\cell\pard \pard\intbl IDSPISPOPD/IDCLIP\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1975\cellx4395\cellx7935\pard\intbl LAPOGO\cell\pard \pard\intbl allow to climb any height\cell\pard \pard\intbl IDSPISPOPD/IDCLIP w/o walking thru\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1975\cellx4395\cellx7935\pard\intbl LAPOSTAL\cell\pard \pard\intbl get weapons and ammo\cell\pard \pard\intbl IDFA\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1975\cellx4395\cellx7935\pard\intbl LARANDY\cell\pard \pard\intbl weapon super charge\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1975\cellx4395\cellx7935\pard\intbl LAREDLITE\cell\pard \pard\intbl freeze enemies\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1975\cellx4395\cellx7935\pard\intbl LASKIP\cell\pard \pard\intbl finishes current level\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1975\cellx4395\cellx7935\pard\intbl LAUNLOCK\cell\pard \pard\intbl get all the keys\cell\pard \pard\intbl the 'K' of IDKFA\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1975\cellx4395\cellx7935\pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1975\cellx4395\cellx7935\pard\intbl LAlevelname\cell\pard \pard\intbl jump to level\cell\pard \pard\intbl IDCLEV\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par (*)\tab To use this, press TAB to show the map, then press and hold the key just under the Escape key.
\par \tab Now use the cursor keys, and a red dot will move accordingly, starting at your current position.
\par \tab Set it where you want to go, and type LANTFH
\par 
\par Please note that (just like in Doom) these codes are directly scanned from the keyboard, and so correspond to a QWERTY keyboard disposition. So a French user on an AZERTY keyboard would have to type 'LQI,LQ,E' on his keyboard instead of 'LAIMLAME'.
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0044}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} dark.exe command line}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} VZEPPP}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} arguments;command line}
\b\fs32 dark.exe command line
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Here are all the command line parameters for the Dark Forces executable:
\par (ordered by probable usefulness)
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5805\pard\intbl \b Parameter\cell\pard \pard\intbl Description\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5805\pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 -ugob\cell\pard \pard\intbl use an user gob file (where gob=your gob file)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5805\pard\intbl -shots\cell\pard \pard\intbl enable screen shot mode (use Print Screen key)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5805\pard\intbl -c\cell\pard \pard\intbl disable cutscenes\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5805\pard\intbl -llevel\cell\pard \pard\intbl play a particular level (where level=yourlevel)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5805\pard\intbl -xd\cell\pard \pard\intbl specify CD-ROM drive letter (where d=drive)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5805\pard\intbl -f\cell\pard \pard\intbl don't check to see if FILES= is set high enough\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5805\pard\intbl -t\cell\pard \pard\intbl autotest mode (runs all levels briefly)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx5805\pard\intbl -g\cell\pard \pard\intbl create a text file with a list of all files that were opened during the running of the game\cell\intbl\row
\pard \b\fs32 \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0045}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} A few words about the DF engine scene rendering}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 95CQX_}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} limitations;rendering;smearing;windows}
A few words about the DF engine scene rendering
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par [by Daron Stinnett, DF Project Leader]
\par 
\par To the engine, a window refers to a clipping region that is created for every adjoining wall in the current view. If the camera is in one sector looking at an adjoin into another sector, one window would be created. The window is used to clip the drawing of all walls and objects in the adjoining sector. Every adjoin becomes a window (clip region) for the drawing of all objects and walls that are viewed through the adjoin.
\par 
\par The engine has a hard limitation of 40 active windows. Active windows build up when adjoins are viewed through other adjoins.  For example, given a single sector that has adjoins to three sectors along one side, if all three adjoins are viewed at once, there would only ever be one active adjoin. This is because none of the adjoins is viewed through another adjoin. However, all four sectors were stacked end to end and there was an adjoin between adjacent sectors, and the camera was placed so that it was in one of the end sectors and could view all three adjoins, this would result in 3 active windows.  So a long hallway made of 42 consecutive sectors that could all be seen from one end, would cause the maximum active windows to be exceeded, resulting in the smearing effect at the far end of the hallway.
\par \pard 
\par Something to watch out for is the effect of sub-sectors. Every edge (wall) of a sub-sector creates a window. So a sub-sector has the effect of splitting a scene up into pieces, often multiplying the number of windows in a scene. This is especially problematic when the windows created by a sub-sector split the drawing of 3D objects into several pieces. Since a window is a clip region for drawing all walls and objects, an object that is partially viewed through two or more windows will be drawn as many times as there are windows overlapping the 3D object. This can really slow down the engine.
\par 
\par Managing windows is key to creating speedy levels. Often the speed of a scene is very closely related to the number of windows and their orientation to each other. A long hallway made up of 30 consecutive windows is much easier on the engine than a simpler room with a complex sub-sector (or set of sub-sectors) that creates 30 windows. A good example of a high window situation is looking over the low wall at the city early in the Talay level. However, it works out well because most windows are created further back in the scene. If the situation were reversed - one way to do that would be to split the low wall into many small walls - the engine would bog down in a big way.
\par \pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0046}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Limitations on objects}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 3H1OBU}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} limitations;objects}
\b\fs32 Limitations on objects
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par [by Daron Stinnett, DF Project Leader]
\par 
\par There is no maximum for objects in a sector. 
\par However there can only be a total of 512 objects in the level.
\par Also you can only load up 64 each of PODs, FMEs, and WAXs.
\par 
\par So you could have 1 FME and 512 objects that use that FME.
\par 
\par 
\par \b Notes\plain\f2\fs20 
\par This limitation has probably been removed, because you \b can\plain\f2\fs20  use more than 512 objects in a level and all work well.
\par 
\par On the other hand, there is a limit to the number of objects that can be \b displayed\plain\f2\fs20  (or active ?) at a given time.
\par When you reach it objects begin to flicker in and out, enemies don't appear but do fire at you, etc.
\par It begins at around 500 objects too\'85
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0047}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Metrics}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _EYDJV}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} damage;falling;metrics}
\b\fs32 Metrics
\par \pard\li275\fi-275 \plain\f2\fs20 
\par This collection of numerical data should be a useful reference for level designers asking themselves questions like:
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 will the player be able to climb this stairs smoothly ?
\par \pard\li275\fi-275 \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 will the player be able to jump this ?
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 will the player die from this fall ?
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 will the player pass through this gap ?
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 etc.
\par 
\par 
\par \b MAXIMUM WALKABLE HEIGHT : 3.50\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par \b Note\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Don't forget that any height can be made walkable by setting Wall Flag 3 bit 1.
\par \pard\li275\fi-275 
\par 
\par \b MAXIMUM JUMPABLE HEIGHT : 9.65\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par \b Notes\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 It doesn't matter if you're running or not
\par \pard \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 It doesn't matter if you're crouching or not
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Don't forget that any height can be made walkable by setting Wall Flag 3 bit 1.
\par 
\par 
\par \b DAMAGE FROM FALLING :\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2685\cellx4105\cellx5525\cellx6655\pard\intbl\qc \b HEIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc MIN\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc MAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc MEAN\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl Notes\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2685\cellx4105\cellx5525\cellx6655\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \plain\f2\fs20 36\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 0\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 0\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 0\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl (1) \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2685\cellx4105\cellx5525\cellx6655\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc 37\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 0\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 0\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl (2) \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2685\cellx4105\cellx5525\cellx6655\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc 40\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 9\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 6\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2685\cellx4105\cellx5525\cellx6655\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc 45\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 19\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 23\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 21\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2685\cellx4105\cellx5525\cellx6655\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc 50\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 31\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 35\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 33\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2685\cellx4105\cellx5525\cellx6655\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc 55\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 43\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 48\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 44\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2685\cellx4105\cellx5525\cellx6655\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc 60\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 54\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 58\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 56\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2685\cellx4105\cellx5525\cellx6655\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc 65\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 67\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 71\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 69\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2685\cellx4105\cellx5525\cellx6655\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc 70\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 77\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 78\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 77\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2685\cellx4105\cellx5525\cellx6655\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc 75\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 87\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 91\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 89\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2685\cellx4105\cellx5525\cellx6655\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc 79\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 93\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 98\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 95\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl (3)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2685\cellx4105\cellx5525\cellx6655\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc 80\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 95\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc ++\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 98\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl (4)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2685\cellx4105\cellx5525\cellx6655\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc 81\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc 98\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc ++\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc ++\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl (5)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2685\cellx4105\cellx5525\cellx6655\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc 82\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc ++\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc ++\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc ++\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl (6)\cell\intbl\row
\pard\li275\fi-275 
\par \b Notes\plain\f2\fs20 
\par  (1) Maximum "no damage" fall
\par  (2) 1 point of damage happened twice in 30 falls.
\par  (3) Maximum "no death" fall
\par  (4) % death :\tab 3/11 \tab = 27%
\par  (5) % death :\tab 12/19 \tab = 63%
\par  (6) Minimum "sure kill"
\par 
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Shields or Supershield are of no help
\par \pard \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 LAIMLAME totally protects you (at least up to 3000).
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Crouching doesn't affect the damage taken.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Jumping up before the fall does of course add to it.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 Sprinting when hitting the ground doesn't change anything.
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 The current health doesn't affect damage.
\par 
\par \i\b Effects of second altitude:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 1) A positive second altitude (water) must be added to the height of the fall.
\par \pard\fi715 I.e. the water doesn't break the fall at all, it increases the damage :-)
\par \pard\li275\fi-275 2) A negative second altitude (platform) must be subtracted from the height of the fall.
\par 3) In both cases the results are consistent with the equivalent fall from the sum or difference of heights.
\par 
\par [All falls tested between 10 and 30 times.]
\par 
\par 
\par \b MINIMUM WALKABLE WIDTH : 4.90\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par \b Notes\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 This is a width between two angles of columns in a room.
\par \pard\fi715 Passing between those two isn't exactly the same as walking in a 4.9 wide corridor !
\par \pard\li275\fi-275 \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 When running you may sometimes pass through a gap as little as 4.6
\par \pard\fi715 I strongly believe this is a problem in the engine collision detection.
\par \pard 
\par 
\par \b MINIMUM WALKABLE HEIGHT : 6.80\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par \b Note\plain\f2\fs20 
\par The generally adopted rule of thumb of 1 DF unit = 1 foot would make Kyle very big (207 cm).
\par I believe we should use \b 1DF unit = 25 cm\plain\f2\fs20  instead.
\par 
\par 
\par \b MINIMUM CROUCH HEIGHT : 3.00\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par 
\par \b LONGJUMPS\plain\f2\fs20 
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2125\pard\intbl Standing\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc ~14\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2125\pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl Walking\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc ~20\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1275\cellx2125\pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl Running\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc ~40\cell\intbl\row
\pard\li275\fi-275 
\par \b Notes\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 These values assume that the start and end altitudes of the jump are the same.
\par \pard \f1 \'b7\tab \f2 DF levels must be set on low gravity worlds :-)
\par 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0048}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} SOUNDS.GOB}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 19ZVI.K}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} sounds.gob File}
\b\fs32 SOUNDS.GOB
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Sounds in this list may be used in INF with the page: command.
\par 
\par In case you wonder about such names as M01KYL01.VOC, here is the decomposition :
\par M\tab Mission
\par 01\tab Mission Number (Arc Hammer is 16!)
\par KYL\tab Speaker 
\par \pard\fi705 KYL\tab Kyle
\par JAN\tab Jan Ors
\par IMP\tab Imperial
\par JAB\tab Jabba
\par MMA\tab Mon Mothma
\par MOC\tab General Mohc
\par NAR\tab Narrator
\par REB\tab Rebel
\par VDR\tab Vader;
\par \pard 01\tab first speech for this mission (A1 is an alternate recording)
\par 
\par [by David Lovejoy and Len Bowers (double submission :-) )]
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4\cf2 AXE-1    VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl ATTACK\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Gammoreean guards axe sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 CREATUR2 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl ATTACK\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Sewer monster loud growl\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 INTSTUN  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl ATTACK\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Interrogator droid shooting\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PROBFIR1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl ATTACK\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Probe droid firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 REMOTE-2 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl ATTACK\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 ppssshh    REMOTE\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 BOBA-1   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl BOBA\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Boba Fett hah hah    when sees you\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 BOBA-2   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl BOBA\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Boba Fett firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 BOBA-3   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl BOBA\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Boba Fett duck sound  when hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 BOBA-4   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl BOBA\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Boba Fett  getting killed\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ROCKET-2 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl BOBA\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Boba Fett jet pack  (flying)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 KEY      VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl BONUS\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Pick up key sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 BONUS    VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl BONUS\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Bonus pick up sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 COMPLETE VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl BONUS\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Mission complete\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 DOOR     VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DOOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Standard door opening hissing sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 DOOR2-1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DOOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Large door  double thump open\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 DOOR2-2  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DOOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 large door running\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 DOOR2-3  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DOOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 thump same as door 1-3\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ELEV2-1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DOOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 click and a clunk\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ELEV2-2  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DOOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 loud running noise\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ELEV2-3  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DOOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 loud clunk\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 LOCKED-1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DOOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 locked key door sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 SWITCH3  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DOOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Switch flip standard \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 BIGREFL1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DT1\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 WHEN hit by plasma from  Dark trooper\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PHASE1A  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DT1\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Phase 1 DT neaaahhh  when sees you\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PHASE1B  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DT1\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Phase 1 DT aaahhh  hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PHASE1C  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DT1\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Phase 1 DT Dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 SWORD-1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DT1\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Phase 1 DT sword sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PHASE2A  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DT2\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Phase 2 DT ahhggllloooklok  when sees you\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PHASE2B  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DT2\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Phase 2 DT   Phutt DIE   hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PHASE2C  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DT2\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Phase 2 DT  DYING\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ROCKET-1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DT2,DT3,WPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Dark trooper flying   jetpack\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PHASE3A  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DT3\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 metallic sound with boba fett laugh  (MOHC) when sees you\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PHASE3B  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DT3\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Phase 3 DT mrp ughh ughh  hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PHASE3C  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DT3\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Phase 3 DT dying ooohhhhhhh\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 BOSSKDIE VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DYING\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 bossk dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 CREATDIE VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DYING\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Sewer monster diying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 GAMOR-1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DYING\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Gammorean guard pig squeal\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 REEYEE-3 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DYING\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 yoooooohhhh ughghggh   dying   died\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ST-DIE-1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DYING\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Stormtrooper/commando/officer/ dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 EEEK-3   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl EXP/MOUSE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 mouse bot dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 EX-SMALL VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl EXP/WEAPON\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Thermal detonator explosion & int droid explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 EX-TINY1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl EXP/WEAPON\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3  laser ,repeater shot hitting wall\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PROBALM  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl EXPLOSION\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Probe droid about to explode alarm\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 TURRET-1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl EXPLOSION\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Turret Shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 SCRSHOT  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl HEADER\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 PICTURE taking sound ( screen shot)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 BOSSK-3  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl HURT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 bossk higher pitched squeal hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 CREATHRT VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl HURT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Sewer monster hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 GAMOR-2  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl HURT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Gammorean Guard Pig squeal  louder  hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 REEYEE-2 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl HURT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 yooooooohhhh   hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ST-HRT-1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl HURT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Stormtrooper/commando/officer/ hurt by laser\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 KELL-1   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KELL\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Kell Dragon roar    used on first siting   Order in exe kell-1,-8,-5,jump,7\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 KELL-5   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KELL\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Kell dragon hitting with tail /biting\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 KELL-7   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KELL\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Kell dragon loud then soft errgggr / used when  kell killed\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 KELL-8   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KELL\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Kell dragon roar/used when hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 KELLJUMP VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KELL\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Kell dragon jumping\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 CHOKE    VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle Choking in gas\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 CRUSH    VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle getting crushed\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 FALL     VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Yaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 GOGGLES1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Goggles ON\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 GOGGLES2 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Goggles battery run down\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 HEALTH1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Ugh       health loss   ???? when used\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 JUMP-1   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle jump\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 KYLEDIE1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Big heart pumping sound (Kyle Dying)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 LANDING1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 The Crow landing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 MASK1    VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Gas mask breathe in sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 MASK2    VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Gas mask breathe out sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 SHIELD1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Something hitting shield ??????\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 SWIM-IN  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLE/WEAPON\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle jumping into water\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 CLAYMOR1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Laying mine\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 CONCUSS1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Concussion rifle empty\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 CONCUSS5 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Concussion rifle firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 CONCUSS6 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Concussion rifle empty ?????\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 FUSION1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Fusion cutter single shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 FUSION2  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Fusion cutter empty\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 MISSILE1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle firing missile\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 MORTAR2  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Mortar gun empty\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 MORTAR4  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Mortar gun firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 MORTAR9  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Mortar chamber rotate\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PISTOL-1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Bryar pistol shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PISTOUT1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Bryar pistol out of ammo\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PLAS-EMP VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Plasma cannon empty\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PLASMA4  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Plasma cannon firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 REP-EMP  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 repeater  empty\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 REPEAT-1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Repeater gun shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 REPEATER VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 repeater rapid fire\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 RIFLE-1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Rifle single shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 RIFLOUT  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Rifle empty\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 SWING    VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 FIST SWING sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 WEAPON1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Weapon pickup sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 QUARTER  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl KYLEWPN/KYLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 5 quick beeps\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 EEEK-1   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl MOUSE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Mouse bot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 EEEK-2   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl MOUSE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Mouse bot hit/hurt    Dedmouse.fme\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ICMDO-1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl n/u\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 He's over here stop that man (commando)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 IOFFIC-1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl n/u\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Halt hold it right there  (Officer)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 KELL-2   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl n/u\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Kell dying   ??? \line
couldn't confirm use, not called by exe\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 REEYEE1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl N/U\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 hey hold up who's there \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 REEYEE2  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl N/U\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 yooohhh\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 REEYEE3  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl N/U\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 yoooooghg   ughghh  dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 REEYEE4  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl N/U\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 yoooooagagah    dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 STORM-1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl n/u\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 There he is get him\line
Stormtrooper not used\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 BOSSK-1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 bossk hissth\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 CREATUR1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Sewer monster low growl\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 GAMOR-3  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Gammor Guard grunt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 INTALERT VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Interrogator droid  uwmmmwha\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PROBE-1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Probe droid enemy escape advance\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 RANOFC02 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Stop where you are\line
Officer used on first sighting\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 RANOFC04 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Your not authorised in this area\line
used on second siting\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 RANOFC05 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 You're in violation of imperial law\line
used on third siting\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 RANOFC06 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Halt\line
used on fourth siting\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 RANSTO01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 There he is stop him\line
Stormtrooper first sighting\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 RANSTO02 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 You there, stop where you are\line
second sighting\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 RANSTO03 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Stop Rebel scum\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 RANSTO04 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 You're not authorised in this area\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 RANSTO05 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Surrender immediately\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 RANSTO06 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Halt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 RANSTO07 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Set blasters on full\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 RANSTO08 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Blast him\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 REEYEE-1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Hey hold up who's there\line
used on logic REEYEE2 only\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 BEEP-10  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl WEAPON\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Mine triggering in secondary mode\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 BOLTREF1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl WEAPON\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 When hit by laser from storm/commando/officer\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 EMISBY   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl WEAPON\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 When hit by missile from Dark trooper\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 EX-LRG1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl WEAPON\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 loud explosion (mine)(concussion rifle)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 EX-MED1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl WEAPON\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 kyle's missile, plasma, mortar explosions\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Dark trooper plasma, DT3 tracker balls explosions\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 FIREBALL VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl WEAPON\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 ??? sounds like a fireball\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 LASRBY   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl WEAPON\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Laser shot miss\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PUNCH    VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl WEAPON\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle's fist hitting something\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 THERMAL1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl WEAPON\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Thermal Detonator Bounce\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 TRACKER  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl WEAPON\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Mechanical noise made by Dark Trooper 3\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 WELD-1   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl WELD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Welder moving  short  spark.wax Weld in EXE order weld-2,-1,sht,hrt,die\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 WELD-2   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl WELD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Welder Moving  longer\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 WELD-DIE VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl WELD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Welder dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 WELDHRT  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl WELD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Welder hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 WELDSHT1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl WELD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Welder hitting Kyle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 AMMO     VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Loading ammo\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 BEEP-01  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Shrieking Beep\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 BOSS-05  GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 BOSS-08  GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 BOSS-10  GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 BOSS-11  GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 BOSS-14  GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 BOSSK-2  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 bossk squeal\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 BULLET   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 almost sounds like wind\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 BUTT1    VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl n/u\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Fist sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 BUTT2    VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl n/u\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Fist hit\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 CARGO    GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 CHUCKL-1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Boba Fett chuckling hah hah\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 CLEAT    VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 walking with ice cleats on\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 CLOSCRED GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 CONVEYER VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 conveyor belt running\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 CRIXMUS  GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 DEFAULT  GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 DEFV0000 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 empty voc ????\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 DOOR-04  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 big door close/open\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 DOOR1-1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Large hissing door\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 DOOR1-2  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Large door running\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 DOOR1-3  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Thump\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 DOOR3-1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Large hollow sounding door open thump\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 DOOR3-2  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 loud running door\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 DOOR3-3  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 low thump\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 EEEK2    VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 faster mouse bot hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 EEEK3    VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 faster mouse bot dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ELECTRIC VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Sounds just like a real arc welder\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ELEV1-1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 click\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ELEV1-2  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 high pitched running noise\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ELEV1-3  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 click with a motor turning for a sec\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ELEV3-1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 loud hiss several clicks\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ELEV3-2  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 low rumbling running noise\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ELEV3-3  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 louder clunk\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ELEVOFF3 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 loud clunk same as elev 2-3\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ELEVRUN2 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 running  elevator\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 EMISBY1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl n/u\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 same as emisby 1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 EXECMUS  GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 FIGHT-01 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 FIGHT-02 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 FIGHT-03 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 FIGHT-04 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 FIGHT-05 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 FIGHT-06 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 FIGHT-07 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 FIGHT-08 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 FIGHT-09 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 FIGHT-10 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 FIGHT-11 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 FIGHT-12 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 FIGHT-13 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 FIGHT-14 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 FLAME-1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Something like a flame-thrower\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 FRIGMUS  GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 GROMAS1  GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 GROMAS2  GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 GROOVE2  GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 HEALTH2  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 MIFT  health / door won't open ?????\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 JABBAMUS GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 LAND-1   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle Landing after jump\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 LANDING2 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Kind of a low loud rumble\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 LASRBY1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 weird mechanical noise\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 LASRFLY  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 same as Lasrby1.voc\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 LOGOMIX  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 LA logo sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M01IMP01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Primary dropline engage Dropline one, two nine release\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M01KYL01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 This is too easy. now to get back to my ship\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M01KYL02 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 This looks like it could be a normal Imperial attack .\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M01KYL03 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 A new stormtrooper weapon that can take out a base that easy !\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M01KYL04 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 This could be interesting.\line
OK I'm in but I think I'll need some help\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M02JAN01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Go ahead Kyle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M02JAN02 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Get back to the landing pad and I'll meet you there\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M02KYL01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Jan\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M02KYL02 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Looks like I've found something that could help us out\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M03JAN01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 You're the boss Kyle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M03KYL01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Jan I've found Mof Rebus I'm ready to get out of this mess\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M04JAN01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 That's all we need Lets get out of here I'm getting nervous\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M04KYL01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 I've found interesting looking metal. I think this may offer us some\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M05JAN01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 OK Kyle sounds good to me\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M05KYL01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle to Jan , charge set  ready to clear\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M05KYL02 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Jan ,you better get me out of here .I think i just finished off a Dark\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M05KYL03 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 If that thing down there is any indication of what were dealing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M06JAN01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Don't hang around. lets get out of here before any more Dark\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M06KYL01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 OK Jan I've rescued Madine\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M07JAN01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Picking up the signal ,looks like were done here\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M07JAN02 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 OK Kyle lets see where those e smugglers are headed\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M07KYL01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Tracking devices secured\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M08KYL01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Charge one set\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M08KYL02 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Charge two set\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M08KYL03 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 All  charges set\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M08KYL04 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Woman after my own heart\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M08KYL05 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Ah Sh.......\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M09JAN01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Those must be smuggler routes to the ARC hammer. I think it's \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M09JANA1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Those must be smuggler routes to the ARC hammer. I think it's \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M09KYL01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Jan I've found an imperial Nava card\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M10JAN01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Thanks I thought I was done for\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M10KYL01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Jabba what have you done with Jan if any harm comes to her  I'll\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M10KYL02 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 I wish you were here too Jabba there nothing like roast Kell dragons\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M10KYL03 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 no time for hugs lets get out of here\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M11JAN01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Good job Kyle but your not done yet\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M11JAN02 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Beautiful Kyle now get the data tape and get your mercenary hide\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M11JAN03 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle something strange is going on down here. \line
Get back here I\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M11JAN04 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Oh no Kyle you better lookout I just saw\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M11JAN05 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle where are you .I'm back at the landing pad\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M11JAN06 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 I had Tie fighters all over me. I had to properly dispose of them\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M11JANA6 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 I had Tie fighters all over me. I had to properly dispose of them\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M11KYL01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Jan I've cracked the central lock I'm in\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M11KYL02 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Nava card inserted and decoding\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M11KYL03 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Data tapes in hand I'm on my way out\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M11KYL04 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Where are you Jan ?\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M12IMP01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Smuggler ship, your flight path is clear begin your docking procedure\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M12JAN01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 good job Kyle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M12JAN02 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Good luck Kyle and may the force be with you\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M12KYL01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 OK Jan smuggler ship secure\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M12KYL02 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Now launching I'll see you on the dark side , Jan\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M13KYL01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 here we go\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M16KYL01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 That's one\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M16KYL02 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 that's two\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M16KYL03 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 one more left\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M16KYL04 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Jan would be proud\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M16KYL05 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 There is no glory in war  MOHC\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M16KYL06 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 For freedom\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 M16MOC01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Its been a long time since I've challenged a man in battle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 MACHINE1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Gromas mines machine sounds\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 MACHINE2 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Louder machine sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 MO8JAN01 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Good job lets blow this ice cube\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 NOTELOOP GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 OPENCRED GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 POWER1   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Low mechanical noise\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PROBALM1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl n/u\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 high pitched beep beep\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 PROBALM2 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl n/u\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Can't explain it //???\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 REVIVAL  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 REVIVE\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 ROBOT1   GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 ROBOT2   GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 RUMBLE   GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 RUMBLE1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 LOW RUMBLE SOUND\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 SHIELD2  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Something  hitting  ?????????\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 SMOFFICE GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 SNOW     VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle walking in snow\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 SPLASH1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle jumping into water\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 STALK-01 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 STALK-02 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 STALK-03 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 STALK-04 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 STALK-05 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 STALK-06 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 STALK-07 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 STALK-08 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 STALK-09 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 STALK-10 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 STALK-11 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 STALK-12 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 STALK-13 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 STALK-14 GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 STAR-THM GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 SURFIN   GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 SWIM     VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle swimming\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 SWIM-OUT VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle leaving water\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 SWITCH1  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Switch flip\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 SWITCH2  VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Switch clicking\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 TAKEOFF1 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle's ship taking off\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 TAKEOFF2 VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle's ship taking off second part\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 TEMP     GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 TEST1    GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 TEST2    GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 VICTORY  GMD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 WATER1   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Running water\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 WATER2   VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Running water\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \f4 WIND1    VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Wind Noise\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 Note file :  \cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 MO8JAN01.VOC its "O" (letter)  instead of "0" (zero)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 REEYEES\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 logic  reeyees &reeyees2 use files reeyee-1>3.voc\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 Files reeyee1>4.voc  not used\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 StormTrooper\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 logic storm1 &troop use  st-die-1.voc\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 logic storm1 &troop use  st-hrt-1.voc\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 files Ransto01.voc >ransto08.voc are use in sequence \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 Commando\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 logic commando  uses   st-die1.voc\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 logic commando  uses   st-hrt-1.voc\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 files Ransto01.voc >ransto08.voc are use in sequence \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 Officer\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 logic officin     uses     st-die-1.voc\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 logic officin     use      st-hrt-1.voc\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 files Ranofc02.voc >Ranofc06.voc used in sequence\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 Kell Dragon\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f3 kell-1.voc > kelljump.voc   couldn't confirm when kell-2.voc used\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 Groups\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \f3 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl ATTACK\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 attacking sounds group    misc  logics\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl BOBA\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Boba Fett group sounds includes rocket-2 voc\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl BONUS\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 bonus pickup, key, complete\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl DOOR\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 door, elev. switch sounds\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl DT1,DT2,DT3\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 sounds used in three groups includes associated  weapon noise\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl DYING\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 dying sounds of misc logics\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl EXP\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Exploding type noises\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl HURT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Various logics hurt sounds\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl HEADER\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 I found this  near front of exe file  hence the name header\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl KELL\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Kell dragon group\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl KYLE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle's associated sounds with things he does\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl KYLEWPN\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Kyle's weapons these are in the same order as the keyboard keys\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl MOUSE\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Mousebot group noises\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl SIGHT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Various logics first reaction sounds to kyle's presence\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl WEAPON\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 last group in exe with associated fme, wax files for weapon reactions\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1985\cellx3685\cellx8505\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl WELD\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f3 Welder noises\cell\intbl\row
\pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:0049}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} SPRITES.GOB}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1F.4HIP}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} sprites.gob File}
\b\fs32 SPRITES.GOB
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par [by David Lovejoy]
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4\cf2 ASHTRAY.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Ashtray\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 BARREL.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Barrel\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 BEERPIP.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Beer Pipe\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 BOBABALL.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Yellow Boba Fett Ball\cell\pard \pard\intbl Boba Fett Shots\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 BOBAFETT.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Boba Fett\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 BOSSK.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Bossk\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 BULLET.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Blue Bullet\cell\pard \pard\intbl Autogun Shooting\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 BULLEXP.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Small Yellow Explosion\cell\pard \pard\intbl Bullet Explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 CARDS.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Cards\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 CFLAME.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Yellow Flame\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 CHAIN.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Hanging Chain\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 CHAIR.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Chair\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 COMMANDO.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Commando\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 CONCEXP.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Big Blue Explosion\cell\pard \pard\intbl Concussion Explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 CRIX.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Crix Madine\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 CUP1.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Green Cup\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 CUP2.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Blue Cup\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 DEDBODY1.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Dead Body\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 DEDBODY2.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Dead Body\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 DEDBODY3.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Dead Body\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 DEDMOUSE.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Dead Mouse\cell\pard \pard\intbl Called By Exe In Voc Section\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 DEFAULT.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Cone Head Small\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 DET_CODE.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Blank Det Code\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 DETEXP.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Big Red Td Explosion\cell\pard \pard\intbl Detonator Explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 DFLAME.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Small Yellow Flame\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 EMISEXP.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Fusion Explosion\cell\pard \pard\intbl Fusion Cutter Explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 EMSCULP.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Emperor's Sculpture\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 EWOK86.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Ewok\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 EXPTINY.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Yellow Tiny Explosion\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 FROGBOWL.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Bowl\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 FROGBWL2.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Bowl\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 GAMGUARD.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Gamorrean Guard\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 GENEXP.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 White Explosion\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 GFPIPES1.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Pipes\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 GFVENTDN.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Vent Pipe Floor Model\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 GFVENTUP.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Vent Pipe  Ceiling Model\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 HANGLIT.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Hanging Lamp\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IARMOR.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Shield\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IAUTOGUN.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Autogun (Repeater)\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IBATTERY.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Battery\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 ICANNON.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Plasma Cannon\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 ICEILIT2.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Ceiling Lamp\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 ICHARGE.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Supercharge\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 ICLEATS.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Ice Cleats\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 ICONCUS.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Concussion Rifle\cell\pard \pard\intbl Bossk Weapon Drop\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 IDATA.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Data Card\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IDET.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Detonator\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IDETS.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Thermal Detonators\cell\pard \pard\intbl Reeyees Weapon Drop\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 IDPLANS.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Death Star Plans\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IDTGUN.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Broken DT Weapon\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IDTGUN.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Same As Default .Wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IENERGY.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Energy Cell\cell\pard \pard\intbl Officin Weapon Drop\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 IFLRLIT.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Floor Lamp\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IFUSION.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Fusion Cutter\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IGOGGLES.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Goggles\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IINVINC.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Invincible\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IKEYB.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Blue Key\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IKEYR.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Red Key\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IKEYY.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Yellow Key\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 ILIFE.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Life\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IMASK.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Gas Mask\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IMEDKIT.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Med Kit\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IMINE.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Mine\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IMINES.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Land Mines\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IMORTAR.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Mortar\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IMSL.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 DT Missile\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IMSLS.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 DT Missiles\cell\pard \pard\intbl DT2 Weapon Drop\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 INAVA.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Nava Card\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 INTDROID.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Interrogation Droid\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IOBCAP6.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Round Cap Pipe\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IOBPIP4.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Round Pipe\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IOBVALV1.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Round Vent\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IPHRIK.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Phrik Metal\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IPHRIK.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Phrik Metal\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IPILE.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Kyle's Kit\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IPLAZMA.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Plasma Cell\cell\pard \pard\intbl DT2 Weapon Drop\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 IPOWER.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Power Cell\cell\pard \pard\intbl Concussion/Repeater\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 IREVIVE.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Revive\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 ISHELL.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Mortar Shell\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 ISHELLS.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Mortar Shells\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 IST-GUNI.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Laser Rifle Horiz\cell\pard \pard\intbl Wpn Dropped By Troop &Commando\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 IST-GUNU.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Laser Rifle Vertical\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 JAN.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Jan Ors\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 KELL.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Kell Dragon\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 LANDMINE.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Landmine\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 LIT1.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Short Standing Lamp\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 LIT2.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Short Standing Lamp\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 LIT3.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 White Round Lamp Floor\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 LIT4.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Short White Light\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 MINEEXP.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Huge White Explosion\cell\pard \pard\intbl Mine Explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 MISSEXP.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Yellow And Green Dot\cell\pard \pard\intbl Missile Explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 MOFREBUS.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Moff Rebus Guy\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 MORTEXP.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Huge White Explosion\cell\pard \pard\intbl Mortar Explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 OFFCFIN.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Officer\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 PHASE1.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Phase 1 DT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 PHASE2.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Phase 2 DT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 PHASE3X.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Phase 3 DT\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 PLASEXP.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Blue Plasma Explosion\cell\pard \pard\intbl Assault Cannon Explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 PROBE.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Probe Droid\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 REDLIT.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Hanging Red Lamp\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 REEYEES.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Reeyees\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 REMOTE.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Remote Ball\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 ROCK.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Rock\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 SEWERBUG.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Sewer Bug  (Creature)\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 SMALITE1.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Top Lighted Dome Lamp\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 SMALITE2.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Short Blue Light Floor\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 SPARK.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Electrical Spark\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 SPLASH.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Water Splash\cell\pard \pard\intbl Swim-In.Voc\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 STORMFIN.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Stormtrooper\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 TABLE.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Table\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 TALLIT1.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Tall Standing Lamp\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 TALLIT2.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Tall Standing Lamp\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 TBLELIT.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Small Yellow Globe\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 TRIPLT.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Tall Multicolor Lamp\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 WDET.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Thermal Detonator\cell\pard \pard\intbl Throwing TD\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 WDT3MSL.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Phase 3 DT Yellow Balls\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 WEMISS.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Fusion Ball\cell\pard \pard\intbl Shot From Fusion Cutter\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 WIDBALL.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Green Ball\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl \f4 WLMINE.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Mine On Floor\cell\pard \pard\intbl On Floor\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 WMINE.FME\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Mine On Floor With Light\cell\pard \pard\intbl On Floor\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 WMSL.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Assault Cannon Missile Fly\cell\pard \pard\intbl Shot From Missile Launcher\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 WPLASMA.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Assault Cannon Blue Ball\cell\pard \pard\intbl Shot From Assault Cannon\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx2065\cellx5155\cellx8515\pard\intbl \f4 WSHELL.WAX\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 Mortar Shell Flying\cell\pard \pard\intbl Shot From Mortar Gun\cell\intbl\row
\pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:004a}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} TEXTURES.GOB (A-N)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1B33_.P}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} textures.gob File (A-N)}
\b\fs32 TEXTURES.GOB (A-N)
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par [by Paulius Stepanas]
\par 
\par X and Y are the width and height of the texture in game units (multiply by 8 for the size in pixels).
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl \b\fs18 Texture\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc XxY\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Description\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \plain\f4\fs18 CESUNSET.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sky;  purple sunset over mountains.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 CFWATER4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  blue, swirling water.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 CPCARPT1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  blue carpet squares.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 DEFAULT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  mottled with red word DEFAULT (colour varies).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ENGSTEXT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  grey with peeling, orange strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ENGTEXTS.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with vertical streaks of orange paint.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GDJAML1Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red with vertical panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GDJMIN1Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange, stained, with diagonal stripes and controls.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GDJMIN2Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange, stained, with diagonal stripes and red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GDMINESM.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  pale red with grating in centre.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GEGROSKY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sky;  red, burning.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GPDIRTDK.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GPDIRTRD.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  orange, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GPGRIDSM.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey grating over coloured wiring.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GPMINE02.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red with horizontal stripes and floor grates.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GPMINE1X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red with horizontal stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GPMINE2Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red with vertical bands.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GPMINE5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  red with horizontal stripes with riveted border.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GPMINE6.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red with horizontal bands.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GPPIPES7.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  pale red, speckled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GPZIGZ1X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  red with orange arrow stripes to the right and red grill.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GPZIGZ1Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  red with orange arrow stripes to the top and red grill.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GPZIGZ2X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  red with orange arrow stripes to the right, half red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GPZIGZ2Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  red with orange arrow stripes to the top, half red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GPZIGZ3X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  red with orange arrow stripes to the right.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GPZIGZ3Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  red with orange arrow stripes to the top.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GPZIGZ4X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  red with orange arrow stripes to the right and red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GPZIGZ4Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  red with orange arrow stripes to the top and red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWANO.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x64\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red with speckles, pipes, red lights and crossed grate;  parts can be used separately.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWBIGASS.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x128\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red with pipes and exchange coupling;  4 parts of 32 (can be divided to 16), with and without exchange coupling, with (2) and without sequencer charge.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWBIGCLF.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x64\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark red, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWDIRTDK.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark red, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWDIRTLT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWDIRTMD.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWDRILL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red side of drill.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWDRILL4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red tubing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWDRILL5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red planks behind speckled, pale red border.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWDRILL6.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  speckled pale red with triangle patterns.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWMINE01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red with horizontal stripes, floor grates and ribbing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWMINE02.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red with horizontal stripes and floor grates.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWMINE03.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red with horizontal stripes, floor grates and hanging wires.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWMINE06.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red with horizontal stripes with riveted border.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWPIPES1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red with tubing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWPIPES2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  pale red with tubing and grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWPIPES3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  pale red with tubing and grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWPIPES4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red with tubing and grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWPIPES5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  pale red, speckled with recessed tubes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWPIPES6.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  pale red, speckled with recessed tubes;  in two parts (do not use for walls longer than 16).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWPIPES7.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  pale red, speckled with recessed tubes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWPIPES8.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  pale red, speckled with recessed tubes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 GWSTRIPE.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange, stained, with diagonal stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 HOLOGRAM.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  circular hologram projector.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IAFAN.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  fan behind grey grating with light;  two positions.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IAFANSH.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey shadows of fan;  two positions.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IASWBLUE.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  blue hour glass, dark and light (each 2x4).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IATRKDEV.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  engine port on dark grey with and without tracking device (each 8x8);\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ICDELEV.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ICDET6.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey with vertical grating and peeling paint.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ICFUEL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey, circular grill with white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ICJAMLRX.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark grey with horizontal strip of red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ID24X16.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey concrete with vertical grating and red Imperial circle.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ID8X8.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  dark grey with embossed Imperial circle.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDALONG1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  red panelling with white V surrounded by grey panelling with light grey piping.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDASMAL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  red with light grey ribbing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDASMAL2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  red with white band and light grey column.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDASMAL3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  red with white band.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDBLKDOR.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey with embossed circular grid and red and white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDCMPCTR.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  dark grey with features (can use just top 12).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDDET.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey panelling with features and white ceiling light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDDET1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  dark grey with features and white light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDDOOR1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  standard grey with ribbing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDDTENTW.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Arch;  light grey.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDFUEL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with yellow warning strip and red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDFUEL2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with yellow warning strips and ribbing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDGROOVE.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 1x1/4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  dark grey with lighter edges.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDHATCH1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with ribbing and two yellow stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDHATCH2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with ribbing and two yellow stripes and red light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDISO.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  dark grey, embossed Imperial circle with silver edging and radiating, beige bands.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDJAMLCX.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark grey with horizontal strip of white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDJAMLCY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark grey with vertical strip of white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDJAMLRD.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  dark grey with red light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDJAMLW.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  dark grey with white light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDJAMPNL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  grey with white lights and controls.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDLOGOGN.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey with embossed Imperial circle and green lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDLOGORD.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey with red Imperial circle and green lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDMARBB1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  mottled black with patterned, silver side panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDMARBY1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  mottled yellow with patterned, silver side panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDMGCRT2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Crate;  blue grey with blast hole.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDMGCRT3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Crate;  dark yellow with blast hole.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDMGDCRT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Crate;  dark beige with blast hole.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDSECB1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  light grey with red markings in two columns.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDSECB2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Crate;  dark beige, no markings.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDSECB3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door, sliding;  dark beige, half ribbed, half plain with red light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDSECBA.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door, sliding;  dark beige with ribbing and switch (left side).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDSECBB.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door, sliding;  dark beige with ribbing (centre, slash).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDSECBC.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door, sliding;  dark beige with ribbing (centre, backslash).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDSHLDLX.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  vertical white light with borders;  used as hangar air shield.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDSHLDLY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  horizontal white light with borders;  used as hangar air shield.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IDTSTB1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  light grey with dark panel and red markings.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IEDETSKY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sky;  night sky through dark clouds.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IERAMSKY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sky;  bright blue.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IESTARS.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sky;  black with scattered stars.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IETSTSKY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sky;  orange with cloud furrows.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IF1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey, cubist doodles.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IF2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey plasma.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IF3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark grey panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IFDSHDOW.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey shadow of grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IFFUEL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey shadow of circular grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IFORCFLD.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  four vertical strips of green lights (force field).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IFRCFLD2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  four horizontal strips of green lights (force field).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPACONVX.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  vertical, grey beam with circles and frills with blue and red pipes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPACONVY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  horizontal, grey beam with circles and frills with blue and red pipes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPADARK3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey, plasma tile.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPADARK4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey cubist.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPADARK6.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  vertical bands of grey and dark grey.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPAFLOR1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPAGRD1Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grating of crossed grey and light grey bars.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPAGRD2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark grey, triangular grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPAGRD3X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark grey, triangular grating over two horizontal, silver pipes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPALITE0.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  dark grey panelling with white light down the right side.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPALITE1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  dark grey panelling with white light across the top.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPALITE2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  grey bars in union jack with circular light, extinguished.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPALITE3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  grey bars in union jack with circular, yellow light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPATEC1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  exposed tubing behind light grey bars and panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPATEC3Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  exposed tubing behind light grey bars.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPATEC4Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  exposed tubing behind light grey bars.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPATEC5Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  exposed tubing and light grey bars.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPBIGLT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  grey with oval, white light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPBRIDGE.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light and dark grey, rectangular patterns.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPCOMSLT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey, horizontal planking.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPCOMTOP.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  black circuit board with white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPCPAN2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  beige with embossed, trapezoidal panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPCPAN3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey bulkhead door.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPCPAN8.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with some exposed tubing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPCUPLER.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  large, vertical, silver tube over beige panelling with yellow hazard stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPDET1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  natural, light grey stone.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPDETEL2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey, bordered, cross-hatch grating with white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPDETPIP.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey ribbed columns with white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPDETPNL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  coloured computer readout.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPDETSQR.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey panelling with grey border.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPDTENBL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey stripes/columns.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPDTENGR.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  beige, filled grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPDTENRD.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  beige grating with red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPDUCTC.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey beige bars over grey panelling with white light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPDUCTG.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  light grey air ducts between grey panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPEXCEIL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  light grey panelling with oval, white light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPEXELV.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey ribbing with recessed, vertical tubes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPEXFLR.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey cubist.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPEXFLR2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  white cubist.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPEXFLR3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey cubist.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPGATE1Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  dark grey, patterned, barred gate with red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPGRDBLX.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey tiles with horizontal highlight.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPGRDBLY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey tiles with vertical highlight.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPGRDGRY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey tiles with vertical highlight.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPGREYC2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPHANGR1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  very dark grey panelling with red and white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPJAMLRX.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark grey with horizontal strip of red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPJAMLRY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark grey with vertical strip of red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPMONTRS.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  computer screens in grey panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPOCTGR.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey pattern of octagonal wheels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPOVAL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  dark grey with oval cavity.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPOVAL2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey with oval cavities.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPPIPEX.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  light grey horizontal pipe in grey panels, and grate.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPPIPEY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  light grey vertical pipe in grey panels, and grate.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPPOOLBL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey, circular highlight.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPPOOLGR.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey, circular highlight.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPRAM1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with crossing supports.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPRAM2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  white square with grey border.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPRAM3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with horizontal bar.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPRAM4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey grating over red and grey pipes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPRAMBLT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  silver, pinched columns.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPRECTGR.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey rectangle in white.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPRMCRT1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Crate;  dark beige, marked 3K.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPRMCRT2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Crate;  dark yellow, marked Danger Bio-Test.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPRMCRT3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Crate;  dark yellow, marked 3K.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPRMCRT4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Crate;  dark beige, marked with Imperial circle.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPRMCRT5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Crate;  dark beige, marked Class 5 Explosives.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPRMCRT6.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Crate;  dark beige, marked 1 Ton Rubber Duck.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPRMCRT7.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Crate;  blue grey, marked Shields.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPRMCRT8.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Crate;  blue grey, markings obscured.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPRMCRT9.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Crate;  dark yellow, marked Power Cells.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPSDENGN.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with horizontal cylinder and yellow warning stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPSEC1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPSEC1B.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  light grey, mottled, with blast hole in centre.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPSEC3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPSQAR2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  small, light grey cross-hatch on grey with white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPSQUAR1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  light grey cross-hatch on dark grey with white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPSTGRID.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  grey, concrete union jack.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPTRSHC1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  metal garbage in brown sewerage.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPTSTB1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  black tiles with silver edging.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPTSTB2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey, panelled columns with red stripe.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPTSTB3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  dark grey panelling with light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPTSTB4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  white with grey border and light blue light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IPTSTB5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  white with grey border.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ISECBSKY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sky;  black night with stars and clouds.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IW8DIGIT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  eight red letters, each 2x2.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWABGWHT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white panelling, red-striped column, grey panel and exposed tubing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWACONV1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with grill and large, red hazard stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWACONV2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with grill, red hazard stripes and grey beam with black rectangles.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWACONV3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with grill, red hazard stripes and grey beam.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWACONV4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with grill.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWADARK1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWADARK3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWADARK4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey plasma.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWAPIPE1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, mottled with horizontal, silver pipe.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWAPIPE2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, mottled with silver pipes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWAPIPE3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, mottled with silver pipes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWAPIPE4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, mottled with horizontal, silver pipes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWAPIPE5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, mottled with two vertical, silver pipes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWAPIPE6.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with light grey pipes and covering panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWAPIST1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with four, moving pistons and orange light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWARC1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  blue grey panelling with red paint streak and features.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWARED0.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey with red hazard stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWARED4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panel with red hazard stripes and exposed tubing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWASEQUE.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  four panels (each 8x8):  red, striped wall with exchange coupling with (3) and without (1) sequencer charge.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWATEC3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with exposed, light grey machinery.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWATEC4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey, horizontal panelling with white pipes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWAVGEXT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey with trapezoidal panel and white light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWBGFUEL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey with crossed ribbing and white centre light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWBGFUL2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with horizontal, silver pipe.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWBGFUL3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with crossing supports.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWBGPIPE.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  mauve pipe and panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWBLKHED.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Arch;  light grey, circular (only lower 12).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWBRWIN2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Window;  grey panelling around five-sided window.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWCMPCTR.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey concrete with rust stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWCOMBLO.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  black circuit board with white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWCOMSLT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  blue grey with patterned, vertical panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWCOMWAL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, vertical grating with white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDET1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  two light grey squares.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDET10.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  mottled, grey concrete with vertical grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDET2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with ceiling skirting.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDETAL2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, large-ribbed with minor rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDETEL3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with vertical strip of small, red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDETELV.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey with embossed hour glass, vertical runners and controls.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDHUGEZ.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  light grey, ribbed concrete edifice.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDKHALL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  blue grey with sunken, squared oval.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDMGED1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  cracked, grey concrete with rust stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDMGED2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey concrete with rust stripes and blast hole.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDMGED3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with riveted crack.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDMGED4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with blast hole.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDNLIT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with white light and features.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDNLITI.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with white light and features.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDSHALL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with vertical strips of white light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDSTALL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDTCHRT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  picture of path through lifts on grey (actually 6x6).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWDTEN.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey with sunk panel below horizontal ribbing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWELPANL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  grey floor indicator panel for lifts.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWENGBAC.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  dark grey engine exhausts in dark grey wall.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWENGSID.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 64x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  side of ships engines in grey wall.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWEX1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWFRAME1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, short;  grey panelling with some lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWFRAME2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, short;  grey panelling with computer screens.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWFTANK.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with column and crossed struts on each panel.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWFUEL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with red, silver and yellow pipes and circular ceiling pattern.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWFUEL2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with red and yellow pipes, valve and circular ceiling pattern.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWFUEL3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with yellow pipes and circular ceiling pattern.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWFUEL4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with red and yellow pipes behind diagonal grating and circular ceiling pattern.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWFUEL5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  beige air duct with circular ceiling pattern.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWFUEL7.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with red, silver and yellow pipes and switches.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWFUEL8.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  screens and gratings between light grey ribbing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWFUEL9.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  beige air duct with yellow switch and circular ceiling pattern.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWFUELS.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  screen showing rotation of docking corridor in red and green (2 panels, each 8x8).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWGRAN5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  light grey, vertically mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWGRAN6.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  light grey, vertically mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWGREYC2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  light grey, mottled with horizontal divider.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWLIFTER.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey panelling with vertical tubes emerging and yellow lightning marking.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWLITE.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  light grey with white light strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWLOGORD.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  tall, grey panel with features and white edge lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWLOWCON.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  three light grey rectangles.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWMNTRS.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with computer screens.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWNOLIT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, speckled panelling with embossed hour glass.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWPANEL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey control panel with many lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWPANEL2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey control panel with dual screen and lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWPANEL3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey control panel with many lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWRAM1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey panelling with grates, spars and rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWRAM2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white panelling with small computer screens.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWRAM3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey panels with horizontal red and white strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWRAM4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with grates and blue and white tubing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWRAM5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white panelling with multiple, small screens.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWRAM6.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white panelling with blue light panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWRAM7.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  plain, white panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWRAM8.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  plain, white panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWRAMELV.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey with side gratings and small, white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWRAMGL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  screen with red, conical schematic.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWRAMGL2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  screen with red, circular schematic.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWRAMON1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  brown screen with red, orbital schematic.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWRAMON2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  brown screen with green, planetary schematic.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWRAMON3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  brown screen with red, conical schematic.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWRCPORT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  mauve panelling with circular grating and waste exhausts.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWRDBL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  dark grey with red light and blue light strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWREACT1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with vertical, white light strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWRISER.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  dark grey with red light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWSCONBL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with small, fluorescent light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWSCONGR.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey panelling with small, fluorescent light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWSECB2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with centred panels and protruding top panel.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWSECB3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey with centred panel and vertical ribs.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWSECB4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with vertically striped centre panel.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWSECB5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  brown stone blocks.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWSECBS1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  tall, grey panel with features.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWSHIP0.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 64x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  grey side of ship with peeling, red stripe.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWSTRIP.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey, vertical strip grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWTALL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey with trapezoidal panel and white floor light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWTALL2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  tall, grey panel with features.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWTSTB1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with light and light grey skirting at ceiling with red stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWTSTB2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with two light grey horizontals with red stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWTSTB4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey panelling with pattern of red stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWTSTBRC.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with light, tubing and duct vent.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWURB1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey, mottled vertical with grey, mottled side panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWURB2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey, angled panels with grey, mottled side panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWURB3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey, mottled vertical with yellow light and grey, mottled side panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 IWWRHSE1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey, part ribbed with centre strip of white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JDBIGDR1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  silver door with exposed machinery and yellow half circle.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JDDOOR1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  dirty, grey with riveted panels, six circular holes in two columns and red light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JDDOOR2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey with horizontal bands and orange light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JDLILDR1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  silver door with exposed machinery and yellow half circle.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JDLILDR2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange panel with white lamps and exposed, grey tubing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JPBLLT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  top orange, bottom blue.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JPCIRCL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  orange with centred circle.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JPCIRCL2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  orange with spoked wheel.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JPCOMB5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with blue band and strip of orange lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JPDIMON1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  orange circles and triangles.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JPELEV1Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  two vertical, grey pipes separated by diagonal grating, over orange.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JPLINES1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  orange panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JPLINES2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  orange panelling with diagonal band.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JPLINES3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  orange panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JPMACH1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange panelling with exposed machinery.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JPSQUAR1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark orange, speckled with cuneiform border.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JWBIG01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey panelling with exposed tubing below orange, with ornate roof skirting.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JWCIRCL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with blue stripes and embedded, grey circle connected to control panel.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JWCIRCL2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with blue stripes and vertical, grey pipe.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JWCIRCL3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with blue stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JWCOLUMN.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with column and grey, barred grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JWCOMB1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with patterning and light grey panelling with orange light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JWCOMB2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with patterning and light grey panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JWCOMB3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with blue stripes and grey piping.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JWCOMB4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange and dark grey with grey piping.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JWFANCY2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with archaic patterns and hanging, grey pipes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JWGRATE1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with patterning and grey, barred grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JWPIGHED.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with patterning and assorted, grey tubes and bars.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JWPLAIN.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with patterning.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JWRELIEF.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  brown bass relief of Jabba in his throne room.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 JWSHPEXT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark orange with grey and dark grey pipes and panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NDBROWN.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  painted, orange door with ribbing and diagonal cross.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NDCORUG1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey roll-a-door with red, circular graffiti (check offset when using).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NDCORUG2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey roll-a-door with red graffiti and blast hole (check offset when using).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NDJAMS1Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  light and dark grey stripes with red markings.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NDJAMS2X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track (horizontal);  grey with white light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NDJAMS2Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  grey with white light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NDLIGHT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey with red hazard stripes and white light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NDPIPES4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey with ribbing, exposed tubing and yellow hazard stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NDREDOTS.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey with inverted Y panelling and red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NDSTRONG.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  dark grey with ribbing and partially exposed lock bars.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NDWARN7.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  dark grey hatch with yellow hazard stripes (door is centre 10x12).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NENARSKY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x64\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sky;  window-lit sky scrapers with coloured star field.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPBPIPE1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  two large, grey, vertical pipes with red markings.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPBPIPE2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  two large, grey, vertical pipes with red markings and crossed, grey ribbing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPBRN02.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  circular, rust-red pattern.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPBRN04.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange and brown with air ducts and two red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPBRN05.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  brown, ducted grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPGREY01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, vertically mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPGREY02.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, vertically mottled with lighter stains.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPGRYBAR.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  horizontal, grey beam on dark grey.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPGRYLT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey with faint, vertical stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPLIT1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dirty, grey grating with two vertical strips of white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPLIT4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  circular, white light on dark grey.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPLIT4SH.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  shadow of circular light on grey.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPPANEL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPPIPES1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  mess of white pipes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPPIPES2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  mess of white pipes, obscured by grey panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPSUPORT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  plain light grey crossed by dirty, grey struts.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPVENTS1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey, horizontal gratings with decorative strip.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPVENTS2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dirty, grey, horizontal gratings.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NPWRNFAD.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey with diagonal, yellow stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NSSIGN01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  red, Imperial circle with red writing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NSSIGN03.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  white poster with red, Rebel symbol, black writing and blue stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NSSIGN04.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  blue and red writing, yellow and red stripes, on grey.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NSSIGN05.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  dark yellow with hazard border.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NSSIGN06.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  white with red left arrow and split circle in blue and white.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NSSIGN07.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  white with red right arrow and winged, black marking.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NSSIGN09.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  white with black writing, yellow circle and red box.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NSSIGN10.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  dark grey with blue, red and white writing and circular marking.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NUM6-OFF.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  red switch handle on white, down position.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWARCH1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  lit, grey panel on dark grey, with red writing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWARCH2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  lit, grey panel on dark grey, with red writing and strip of triangular grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWBEVEL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey with striped panelling, slime and protruding, red light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWBEVEL3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey with grating and protrusions.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWBEVEL4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey with olive stripe and protrusions.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWBEVEL5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey with white light and protrusion.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWBIGGIE.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x64\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey panelling with yellow light strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWBPIPE2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey panelling with two large, grey pipes with red markings.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWBPIPE3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey panelling with two large, grey pipes with red markings and grey ribbing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWBRACE.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey panelling with grey struts and two bands, in olive and grey.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWBRN01L.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark red and brown with white light strip and features.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWBRN02.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark orange with grating, red lights and strange pattern.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWBRN03L.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark orange with grating and yellow floor light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWEXT01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWEXT02.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey panelling with large, grey panel.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWEXT06.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey panelling with grating and grey bricks.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWEXT07D.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey panelling with grating, grey bricks and colourful graffiti.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWEXT08D.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey panelling with grating, grey bricks, colourful graffiti and white, Rebel poster.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWEXT09.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  dark grey with ribbing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWEXT2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWGREY01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, vertically mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWGREY02.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, mottled with indentations at top and bottom.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWGRN03.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey with olive hazard stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWGRN06.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey panelling with large, green panel and red band.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWGRN08.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey and green panelling with grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWGRN09.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey and green.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWGRN10.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with green, panelled pattern.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWGRN12.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with green, panelled cross.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWNOTCH.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  black, trapezoidal panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWPIPES2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with band of exposed piping.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWRISER.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track (horizontal);  grey with oval cavities.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWTV1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Screen;  three panels of green writing over red Imperial circle (can be used separately).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWTV2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Screen;  three panels of red circle and blue writing expanding on quartered yellow & orange background (can use separately).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWTV3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Screen;  six panels, one black, five of white static (can be used separately).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWWARN1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey with two bands of yellow hazard stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWWARN2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey with two bands of yellow hazard stripes and panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWWARN4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey with two bands of yellow hazard stripes and triangular ribbing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWWARN4L.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey with two bands of yellow hazard stripes and triangular ribbing (left end).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWWARN4R.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey with two bands of yellow hazard stripes and triangular ribbing (right end).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 NWWHT01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white with gratings and diagonal, green stripe.\cell\intbl\row
\pard \fs20 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:004b}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} TEXTURES.GOB (R-Z)}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1.3Q9W_}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} textures.gob File (R-Z)}
\b\fs32 TEXTURES.GOB (R-Z)
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par [by Paulius Stepanas]
\par 
\par X and Y are the width and height of the texture in game units (multiply by 8 for the size in pixels).
\par \pard\li55\fi-55 \fs18 
\par \trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl \b Texture\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc XxY\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Description\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \plain\f4\fs18 RDBIG2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  white with Y panel and features.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RDBIG4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  light grey with gratings, ribbing and rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RDJAML1Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  light grey with black, hollow centre.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RDRED01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  red with grey Y panel.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RDRED02.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  red with grey Y panel (can use lower 10).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RDRED03.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  red with grey Y panel, mirrored across middle.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RDRED04.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  red with grey Y panel, green delta and side panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RDREDJX.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red panelling with green lights, divisions horizontal.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RDREDJY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  red panelling with green lights, divisions vertical.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RDTUBE.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey with gratings, ribbing and rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RESKY01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sky;  pale blue with clouds low.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RESKY02.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sky;  pale blue with clouds high.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RFICE01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  pale blue, mottled (ice).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RFICYDAG.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  pale blue, diagonally mottled (ice).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RFICYEW.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  pale blue, horizontally mottled (ice).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RPACID01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark yellow, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RPCONVBX.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey grating on left, blue and red tubes on right.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RPCONVBY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey grating at top, blue and red tubes at bottom.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RPDANGR2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  yellow and red warning with skull.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RPGRIDDK.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark grey, triangular grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RPGRIDMD.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey, triangular grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RPIBEAM.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  white, horizontal beam over grey, crossed supports.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RPIBEAM2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  white, vertical beam over grey, crossed supports.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RPICE02.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  blue, mottled (ice).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RPMIXTOP.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey and blue planks with slime.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RPSNOW3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  white, mottled (snow).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RPURINE1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  white with embossed union jack around drain.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWACID02.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x64\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white panelling with red hazard stripes, in four parts with slime at the base.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWBIGGO.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white with red hazard stripes, multiple beams and tubes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWCLEAN1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white panelling with red band.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWCLEAN2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWCLEAN3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white panelling overlaid with grey plating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWCOLENR.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with grill (end piece for RWCOLTEC.BM).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWCOLTEC.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with red stripe, grill, tubing and white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWCOLUM1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with grill.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWCOLUM3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with red stripe and grill.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWCONV1L.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey with red hazard stripes and slime.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWEXTI01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white with dripping slime.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWEXTI03.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white with dripping slime.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWFAN.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 64x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white panelling with grey fin (used for fan turbine).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWFANSWT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x128\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  grey wall with red stripe, grill and white lights, with turbine switch;  8 panels (1 off, 4 on, 3 without switch).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWGEARS.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white with grating strip (can be used in two parts).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWIBEAM1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x64\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, vertical beam with rust and snow at base.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWIBEAM2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, vertical beam with rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWIBEAM3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white, hydraulic support with red stripe, grey, vertical beams and snow at base.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWICE01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  blue, rippled ice.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWICEFAL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white waterfall.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWMIXER1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  toothed side of mixer with slime on lower half.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWRWALL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with grill and white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWRWALL2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with vertical light strips and aquamarine panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWSEQUEN.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x64\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  white panelling with red band, with and without (1) exchange coupling, with (2) and without (1) sequencer charge.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWURINE1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white with red-striped panel.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 RWURINE2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey urinal with drainage slots and accumulated scum.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SALTBULB.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  circular, white light on dark grey, both on and off.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SDGATE1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  corroded, grey sluice gate.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SDGRATE1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  corroded, grey sluice gate with grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SDJAM1Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  corroded, grey door track.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SDJAMLRG.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with vertical strips and red rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SDROUNDM.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Arch;  corroded grey with red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SDROUNDT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Arch top;  top piece for SDROUNDM.BM\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SESEWSKY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sky;  orange with cloud furrows.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SPBARS1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, metal bars with red rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SPBARS2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, metal bars with red rust and hung wiring.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SPBARS3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey, cross-hatched, metal bars with red rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SPCMENT1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey flagstone with green mould.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SPCMENT2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey, mottled with orange rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SPDRAIN1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark grey, diamond drain with rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SPGRATE1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark grey grate with circular holes and rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SPMETAL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey and red rust, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SPPIT4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey and light grey horizontals with serious rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SPSEWGE1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  green and brown, bubbling sewerage.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SPSEWGE2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  brown, flowing sewerage.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SPSEWGE3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  brown, water-falling sewerage.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SPSTRIPX.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  horizontal, grey and dark planks with rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SPSTRIPY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  vertical, grey and dark planks with rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SWCNTROL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  stained, grey with recessed, vertical piping and switch panel.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SWPIT1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey with features and green stains.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SWPIT2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey with grey band and rust stains.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SWPIT3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey with two grey bands and rust stains.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SWPIT4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey with two grey bands and rust stains.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SWPIT5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x64\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey with grey bands and rust stains;  top 24 may be used as wall with floor skirting.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SWREBAR1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, horizontal ribbing with lighter filling and rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SWREBAR2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, horizontal ribbing with rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SWSLANT1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey, slanted blocks with green stains.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SWSWITCH.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  five-position dial, each 2 high.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SWWALKW1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track (horizontal);  light grey with stains.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 SWWALKW2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track (horizontal);  light grey with stains.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TDBIGDR4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  silver with three panels and embossed circles, red lights and shell damage.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TIEWNG.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  side of TIE Fighter wing (black with grey ribbing).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TPCOMP2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white control panel with screens and red strip.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TPCRAKS1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey, irregular paving.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TPDIMNDY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark grey, diamond tiles.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TPGREY1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  beige, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWBARLT1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with white, central light strip and floor skirting.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWBARLT3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with light strip, skirting and damaged machinery.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWCAP01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  light grey, featured edifice.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWCAP03.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  light grey, featured edifice.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWCAP07.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  light grey, featured edifice with bullet holes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWCAP08.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  light grey edifice with shell-stripped concrete.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWCOMP2D.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white control panel with broken screens and red strip.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWDTOP1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  light grey cement with soot.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWEXT01A.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  shell-damaged cement with minor rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWEXT01B.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  cracked cement with minor rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWEXT05A.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  grey with blast hole.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWEXT05B.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  grey with shell damage.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWEXT05C.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  grey with bullet holes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWEXT06B.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  grey with diagonal panels and bullet holes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWEXT06D.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  grey with diagonal panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWHANGR1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey horizontals with white supports.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWILI10A.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with light grey panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWILI10B.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with light grey, cracked panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWILI10C.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with light grey, shock-stripped panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWILIT01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey panelling with destroyed lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWINT08A.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey panelling with destroyed switch.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWINT08B.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey panelling with blast hole.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWINT09A.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange panelling with destroyed switch.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWINT09B.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange panelling with bullet holes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWINT12A.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey with soot.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 TWINT12B.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey with soot and bullet holes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 WHFILL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 1/2x1/2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Filler;  small, white square.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZAEYE.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4 x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  open or closed, blue eye.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZANAV.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8 x6\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign, animated;  blue nava card being decoded on grey with red light strips (each image actually 6x6).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZASPIN.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8 x7\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign, animated;  rotating white light on grey with yellow-striped border.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZASWIT00.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4 x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  red or green circle around white centre.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZASWIT01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4 x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  red or blue rectangle on light grey.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZASWIT02.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4 x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  light grey dial with red or green light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZASWIT03.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x2 x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  orange or blue hand.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZASWIT04.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x4 x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  red or blue light;  one off, one on.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZASWIT05.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x4 x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  lever with coloured lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZASWIT06.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4 x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  red switch handle on white.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZASWIT07.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4 x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  red switch handle on grey with red or green light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZASWIT08.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x8 x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  small switch on grey grill with lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZASWIT09.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4 x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  coloured panel with red cross with or without red circle.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZASWIT10.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4 x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  turning handle on grey with yellow strip.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZASWIT11.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x8 x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  lever on grey with red or green lighted border and down arrow.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZASWIT12.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4 x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  red or blue rectangle on light grey.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZASWIT14.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4 x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  red lever on green and coloured lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDARMOR2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  light grey with vertical, hydraulic locking cylinders.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDARMOR3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  light grey with vertical, hydraulic locking cylinders and rust  (red in GROMAS).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDARMOR4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey with vertical, hydraulic locking cylinders and rust  (red in GROMAS).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDBIGDR1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  light grey with two vertical, grill panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDBIGDR2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  light grey with embossed hourglass.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDBIGDR3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  silver with three panels and embossed circles.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDBIGDR4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  silver with three panels and embossed circles, and red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDEXT1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  orange in grey frame.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDILOGO1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  dark grey, embossed Imperial circle with silver edging.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDIMPER1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  standard grey with ribbing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDIMPER4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  black with red circle.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDIMPER5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  black with red circle and embossed features.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDIMPLG4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey with red Imperial circle.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDIND1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey with indentations at top and bottom and red writing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDJAML1Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey with vertical panels  (red in GROMAS).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDJAML2Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  grey with blue light panels and switch  (red in GROMAS).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDJAML3Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  grey with blue light panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDJAMS2Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  grey with vertical panels  (red in GROMAS).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDJAMSM1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  red with vertical panels  (same as ZDJAMS2Y).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDJMIN1X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey with blue light panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDMETAL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey with side grills and rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDMINEBG.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  light grey with dark, patterned grating and rust  (red in GROMAS).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDREBL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  white with green light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDREBL2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  white with vertical stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDREBL3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  orange with embossed features.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDREBLT1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  white with two panels and red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZDROBDR1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  red with grey Y panel and side panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZFBGGRID.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  crossed bands of white light (vertical) and grey.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZFBGRID2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  crossed bands of white light (horizontal) and grey.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZMGRATE1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white struts with exposed centre.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZMJABMD1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  grey bars with joined circles at both ends.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZMTUBE.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Arch;  grey wall with tubes and white lights coming in from four directions to a circular hole.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPBLACK1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  black tiles.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPBLACK2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  black tiles with grey cross-hatch.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPBOLTD1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  grey, concrete blocks with riveted, metal border and rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPBOLTD3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  dark grey metal bars.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPBRICK1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  white bricks.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPBRICK2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  orange bricks.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPBRICK3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey cobble stones.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPCIRCL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey discs on white.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPCIRCL2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  four light grey circles between square tiles.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPCMENT1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey, speckled with yellow stains.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPCMENT2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey, mottled, linked and riveted plates.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPCMENT6.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  light grey cement blocks with dark border.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPCRUNFL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey, vertical grating with frilled edges.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPDIAGS1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  white, speckled with grey diagonal.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPDIAGS2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey, speckled with grey diagonal.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPDIMNDX.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey, diamond tiles.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPDIRT01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark red, speckled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGPIPE1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey mess of pipes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGPIPE2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  dark grey mess of pipes with cross bars  (red in GROMAS).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGPIPE3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  crossed, red bars over dark mess of pipes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGPIPE4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  dark mess of pipes with red cross bars with two horizontal planks.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGRASS3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  green, speckled (grass).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGRDGRY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey tiles with reflected, vertical highlight.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGREY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey, mottled  (red in GROMAS).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGREY2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey/beige, mottled cubist.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGREYP1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey panelling with hung tube.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGROMS1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dirty, red tiles with rivets and interlocks.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGRSPAT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  mottled, brown bricks  (red in GROMAS).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGRTE1X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  tight, grey grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGRTE1Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  tight, grey grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGRTE2Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  tight, grey grating with rust  (red in GROMAS).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGRTE3X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  loose, grey grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGRTE3Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  loose, grey grating.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGRTE4Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  loose, grey grating with rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGRTE5Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  silver grating with oval holes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGRTE6Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white, vertical stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGRTE8.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  square, grey grate over pipe.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPGRYFIL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 1/8x1/8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Filler;  small, dark grey square  (red in GROMAS).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPHTEC2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey roll-a-door.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPHTEC3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  orange.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPHTECX.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  horizontal, orange planking.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPHTECY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  vertical, orange planking.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPHTECZ1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  diagonal, orange planking.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPIND1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey, mottled, with ribbing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPIND3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPINT19.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  bright orange, vertical stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPINT20.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white with string art.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPINT21X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  yellow and brown, horizontal stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPJABMES.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  beige mesh with highlight.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPJABPA1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey jumble of riveted panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPJABPI1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  exposed tubing and light grey bars.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPJABPI2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  exposed tubing behind light grey bars.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPJABPI3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey with light grey tubes and blue marks.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPJABPI4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey jumble of riveted panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPLBLU1X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  dark grey quarters with horizontal, fluorescent tube.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPLBLU2Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  grey with two vertical strips of fluorescent lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPLIT01X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  horizontal, white panelling with white strip light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPLIT01Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  vertical, white panelling with white strip light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPLIT03X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  black with strips and horizontal, white strip lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPLIT03Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  black with strips and vertical, white strip lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPLIT04.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  large, circular, white light on dark grey.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPLIT06.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  four circular, white lights on grey.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPLIT08.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  bank of four square, white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPLIT08D.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  diagonally quartered, fluorescent, white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPLIT09.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  black grills, light grey tiles and square, white light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPLIT10.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey, quartered by white strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPLIT15.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  dark grey and white light squares divided by grey.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPMARBB1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey, vertical strips/panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPMARBB2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  black, mottled tile.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPMARBB3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  black, mottled with veins of blue.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPMARBE2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  black, mottled tile.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPMARBG3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey plasma.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPMARBL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  white, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPMARBL2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey plasma.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPMARBR2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey, plasma bricks.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPMARBW2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  white plasma.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPMARBWF.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey Emperors head.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPMARBY1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark yellow, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPMAT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grating with circular holes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPPANEL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey, riveted panel.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPPANEL3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  white, cubist panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPPOOLG1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark grey with circular highlight  (red in GROMAS).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPPOOLG2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dark grey with circular highlight and square-curved tiling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPPOOLG4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dirty, dark grey with circular highlight.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPPOOLG5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  dirty, dark grey with diamond pattern and circular highlight.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPPOOLWT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  white, circular highlight.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPRIVET1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  mottled grey with riveted plates.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPROCK02.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey, rough concrete.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSEWRL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  grey, corroded cross bars with yellow light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSEWRL3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  four grey, corroded cross bars with yellow lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSEWRL4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey ribbing with exposed tubes and yellow light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSEWRL6.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey ribbing with exposed tubes and red light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSGRTE1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey, cross-hatched grating with rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSHINY1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  white, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSIMP06.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey cubist with dark, crossing bands.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSIMP09.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey/mauve cubist pattern.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSIMP11.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey panelling with crossed bands.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSIMP12.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey concrete.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSLOT1Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey with two vertical strips of holes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSLOT2Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey with two vertical strips of holes and rust  (red in GROMAS).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSLOT3X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey with two light, horizontal strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSLOT3Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey with two light, vertical strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSLOT4X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey with two light, horizontal strips and rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSLOT6X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey with two horizontal strips of red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSLOT6Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey with two vertical strips of red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSLOT7Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  grey with four vertical strips of holes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSPATBL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  mauve and grey, speckled bricks.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSPATGR.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  brown, speckled bricks.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPSTONGR.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  four white, square tiles.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPTILE3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  blue grey, mottled tile with double border.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPTILE4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey, mottled tile with grey border.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPTUBECX.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  grey with horizontal tubes and strips of blue lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPTUBECY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  grey with vertical tubes and strips of blue lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPTUBEFX.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  grey with horizontal tubes and grey strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPTUBEFY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Ceiling;  grey with vertical tubes and grey strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPVEINED.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  light grey with white strip pattern.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPWHTLIT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Floor;  white bricks.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZPYFILL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 1/8x1/8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Filler;  small, orange square.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZSBANNLG.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  red, Imperial banner.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZSBLK-A.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  white I in green circle.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZSBLK-B.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  white n in red circle.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZSBLK-C.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  white G in dark blue circle.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZSBLK-D.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  white A in orange circle.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZSBLK-E.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  white, dotted A in white circle.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZSBLK-F.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  white, double-dotted A in light blue circle.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZSLTSTR1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track (horizontal);  grey with green lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZSLTSTR2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track (horizontal);  grey with red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZSPANEL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey grating panel into duct.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZSREBEL3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  red Rebel symbol.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZW4WAY.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  four panels of yellow and red lights indicating any of three sections open or all closed.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWARCH1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white with embossed arch.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWBAND1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey, mottled with vertical, silver bands.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWBARLT1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, mottled with horizontal, white light strip.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWBARLT2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, mottled with horizontal, white light strip and floor skirting.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWBARPAD.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange panelling with rounded corners.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWBARS.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  vertical, grey bar.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWBRIDGE.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  light grey support mechanism of bridge, with rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCARGP1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  beige with embossed, trapezoidal panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCARGP2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey, horizontal planking with soot stains.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCARGP3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey bulkhead door.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCARGP4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  beige with embossed, trapezoidal panels and red light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCARGP5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey bulkhead door with grill.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCARGP6.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey, circular bulkhead door.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCARGP7.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  beige panelling with exposed machinery.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCARGP8.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track (horizontal);  grey with blue strip.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCARGP9.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  beige, panelled bulkhead door.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCHOMP1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  white with vertical panel (used for body of turbine blade).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCLIFLT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  white, stone blocks with rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCLIFMD.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  light grey, stone blocks with rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCMENT1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  white cement blocks between grey horizontals and rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCMENT2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  white cement blocks with grey lintel and rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCMENT3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  white blocks with interlocking, grey border.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCMENT4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  white blocks with interlocking, grey border and white centre.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCMENT5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  white blocks with interlocking, grey border and yellow light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCOLUM3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange, mottled and patterned with white, classical columns.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCOMP1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white with control panel.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCOUPL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  large, vertical, silver tube over beige panelling with yellow hazard stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCOUPL2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  large, vertical, silver tube over beige panelling with yellow hazard stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCRUNCH.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  silver grating with frilled bottom (used as stamping machine.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWCSIDE.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 3DO edge;  dark grey, triangle-ribbed.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWDARK1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  black with vertical stripes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWDARK2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  black, Y-shaped panelling with circular indentation.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWDARK4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey, gothic cavity.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWDARK5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey, gothic arch.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWDKBARS.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey with two bands of vertical bars.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWEXT01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  white with dark mottling at base.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWEXT01D.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x32\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  white with dark mottling and rust at base.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWEXT02.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  white with dark mottling at base.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWEXT03.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  white with embossed panel.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWEXT04.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  white with dark mottling at base.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWEXT05.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  grey.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWEXT06.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  white.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWEXT07.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  grey with ribbing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWEXT08.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  mauve horizontals with white supports.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWEXT09L.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  grey with two horizontal strips of blue lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWFACIST.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with vertical light strip and S-shape.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWGASTNK.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Crate;  white octagon with grey struts.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWGRENL1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey glass shape with green light at top.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWGRUV1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white, stone column.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWHALL1L.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey with vertical, white light strips, grating and skirting.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWHALL2L.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey with vertical, white light strips and skirting.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWHALL3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey with grating and skirting.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWHALL7.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey with oval features..\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWHALL7S.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey with oval features.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWHITEC1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey grill with orange panelling and white column.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWHITEC2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey grill with blue panelling and grey column.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWIBEAM1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white struts over grey planking.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWILIT01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panel with rectangular, white light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWILIT03.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  roughed, orange panel with white border.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWILIT06.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white with vertical, white light strip and features.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWILIT08.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white with vertical, white light strip.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWILIT12.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey, upwards-pointing arrow with white light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWILIT14.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  black grill with horizontal, light grey strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWILIT18.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  roughed, grey panel with white border and lamp.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWILOGO2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  black, mottled with embossed Imperial circle and red stripe.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWILOGO6.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  white, mottled with red Imperial circle.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWIMP15.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey with vertical, sunk panels and silver strip.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWIMP19.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWIMP20.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dirty, grey with dark grey struts and ribbing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWIMP27.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  black with trapezoidal panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWIMP28.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  black with trapezoidal panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINDSP1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey, angled horizontals.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINT01.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  white hatch with green lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINT02.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white, horizontal panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINT04.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white with vertical strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINT05.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with vertical strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINT06.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white with rounded, vertical strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINT07.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with rounded, vertical strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINT08.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINT09.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINT10.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white with rounded, vertical strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINT11.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange with rounded, vertical strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINT12.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINT13.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINT14.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white, cubist panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINT15.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  orange, cubist panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINT16.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white panelling with truncated corners.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINT21.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  yellow and brown grill-like strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWINT22.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  silver with polygonal pattern.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWJABEXT.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 32x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with dark grey mechanicals and swept back pipe.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWJABPI1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWLIT03X.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x4\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  black grill with horizontal, white light strip at base.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWLOUNG.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey with horizontal, white light and six red lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWLYSM.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  black with two bands of bars and horizontal, yellow light strips.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWMARBB1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  black, mottled.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWMARBB3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  black, mottled with gold starburst panel.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWMARBG1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with red Imperial circle and angled ribbing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWMARBG2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with Emperor and angled ribbing.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWMARBW1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  black panelling with white and blue marble skirtings.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWMARBW3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  black panelling with white and blue marble column and skirtings.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWMARBY0.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey, random weave.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWMARBY2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark grey, random weave with dark yellow, mottled skirtings.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWMARBY4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark yellow, mottled with two light grey, horizontal bands.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWMARBY5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  dark yellow, mottled with two light grey, horizontal bands and Emperors head.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWMARBY6.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  black, mottled with dark yellow, mottled skirtings and white light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWMARBY7.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  black, mottled with dark yellow, mottled skirtings and circle of white light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWMARBY9.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  rough, dark yellow panel with radiating, yellow panels.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWMAZE.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Sign;  hexagonal, green and red map of computer core.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWNAVSW.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Switch;  grey space to insert nava card for decoding with white lights (actually 6x6).\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWOVAL1Y.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling with white floor and ceiling lamps.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWPANEL4.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  light grey, concrete panel.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWPANLC1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  white, protruding panel in light grey concrete.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWPANLC3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall, exterior;  white and orange, protruding panel in light grey concrete.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWPIPES1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  white panels with grate and pipes.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWPIPES2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey panelling with dark piping at floor and ceiling and rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWPORTHL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  black panelling with circular, white light.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWSMUGGL.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x64\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWSTONEW.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  light grey, diagonally fitted, stone wall.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWSTRIP1.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  light grey with circular lock bars.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWSTRIP2.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  red with circular lock bars and rust.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWSTRIP3.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 1x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  light grey with dark hollows.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWSTRIP5.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 1x8\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track;  light grey with horizontal grate.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWSTRIP6.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x2\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track (horizontal);  light grey with large, rectangular lock bars.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWSTRIP8.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 8x1\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door track (horizontal);  light grey with vertical grate.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWTUBE.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 4x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey with horizontal tubes and circular, white lights.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWTUBEND.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 16x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Door;  grey wall with tubes and white lights coming in from four directions to darker door.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph25\trleft-26 \cellx1415\cellx2125\cellx8505\pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 \pard\intbl \f4 ZWWHITE0.BM\cell\pard \pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qc \f2 2x16\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qc \pard\intbl\li55\fi-55 Wall;  grey grill with orange panelling.\cell\intbl\row
\pard \fs20 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:004c}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Cutscenes LFD Files}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4P7LKRE}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} cutscenes}
\b\fs32 Cutscenes LFD Files
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par [by Michael Taylor]
\par 
\par Here is what is shown for each resource file.
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl\qr \b id\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl resource LFD\cell\pard \pard\intbl scene\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr \plain\f2\fs20 10:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl logo.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Lucas Arts logo\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 20:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl swlogo.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Star Wars logo\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 30:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl ftextcra.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl scrolling text\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 40:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl 1e.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl ship flyby \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 41:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl darklogo.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Dark Forces logo and credits\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 200:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl kflyby.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl flyby from planet \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 209:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl execx.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl star destroyer \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 210:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl execcomp.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Darth Vader and Gen. Mohc talk\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 211:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl arcext.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Arc Hammer external\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 215:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl tubecomp.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl DT loading and lauch\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 216:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl succes.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Darth Vader continues\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 220:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl neb1.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl rebel fleet\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 225:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl brief1.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Mon Montha briefing 1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 230:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl holocu.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Admiral's report\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 235:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl brief2.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Mon Montha briefing 2\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 240:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl exitneb.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Kyle takes off\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 500:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl gromas1.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl flying to Gromas\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 550:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl gromasx.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl leaving Gromas\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 600:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl arcfly.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Arc Hammer\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 605:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl madine1.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl General's report on Madine\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 610:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl boba.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Boba Fett\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 800:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl rob1.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl flying to robotics facility\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 850:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl robotx.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl leaving robotics facility\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1000:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl jabba1.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Kyle takes off\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1010:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl jabba2.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl tractor beam gets Kyle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1020:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl jabba3.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Jabba's ship takes off\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1030:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl pit.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Jabba and Kyle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1050:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl jabescp.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl escaping from Jabba \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1400:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl cargo1.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl cargo goes from Executor to Arc Hammer\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1410:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl cargo2.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl cargo docks\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1450:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl exp1xx.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Arc Hammer explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1451:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl exp2x.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Kyle flies by\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1452:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl exp3xx.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Darth Vader's comments\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1460:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl award1.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl rebel fleet\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1470:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl award2.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl show medal\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1472:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl award3.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Kyle leaves hangar\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1475:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl award4.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Kyle flies in and out of fleet\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1480:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl endfly.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl Kyle flies away\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx705\cellx2545\cellx6515\pard\intbl \pard\intbl\qr 1500:\cell\pard \pard\intbl\qr \pard\intbl fullcred.lfd\cell\pard \pard\intbl credits\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:004d}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} DFBRIEF.LFD}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 184Q0WE}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} dfbrief.lfd File}
\b\fs32 DFBRIEF.LFD
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par The following files must always be present in DFBRIEF.LFD:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2125\cellx5245\pard\intbl PLTTbrf-jan\cell\pard \pard\intbl Palette to use for briefings\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2125\cellx5245\pard\intbl DELTcursor\cell\pard \pard\intbl Cursor for briefings and PDA\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2125\cellx5245\pard\intbl ANIMguns\cell\pard \pard\intbl Weapons screen in PDA\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2125\cellx5245\pard\intbl ANIMitems\cell\pard \pard\intbl Items screen in PDA\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par 
\par There must also be one or more briefing backgrounds as necessary:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2125\cellx5245\pard\intbl ANIMbrf-jan\cell\pard \pard\intbl Jan\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2125\cellx5245\pard\intbl ANIMbrf-mon\cell\pard \pard\intbl Mon Mothma\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2125\cellx5245\pard\intbl ANIMbrf-nil\cell\pard \pard\intbl Jabba\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par 
\par Briefings are stored in DELT sections of dfbrief.lfd, named after the level.
\par The width of the scrollable region seems to be hardcoded in the game, so the only field we'll want to change is SizeY.
\par 
\par Objective screens are stored in ANIM sections of dfbrief.lfd, also named after the level.
\par The first DELT in the ANIM has all the goals in green text. The following DELTs have one goal each in yellow text. They are overlaid on the first DELT when the goal has been completed. See \uldb GOL file\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 6E52LF}
\par 
\par See also \uldb BRIEFING.LST\plain\f2\fs20 {\v B2XP.5}
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:004e}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} JEDISFX.LFD}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 32C6LZ7}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} jedisfx.lfd File}
\b\fs32 JEDISFX.LFD
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Sounds in this list may not be used in INF, they are for use in briefings and cutscenes.
\par 
\par SFX are pure sound effects
\par DLG are pure dialogs
\par DLX are dialogs including sound effects
\par 
\par In case you wonder about such names as M01KYL01.VOC, here is the decomposition :
\par M\tab Mission
\par 01\tab Mission Number (Arc Hammer is 16!)
\par KYL\tab Speaker 
\par \pard\fi705 KYL\tab Kyle
\par JAN\tab Jan Ors
\par IMP\tab Imperial
\par JAB\tab Jabba
\par MMA\tab Mon Mothma
\par MOC\tab General Mohc
\par NAR\tab Narrator
\par REB\tab Rebel
\par VDR\tab Vader;
\par \pard 01\tab first speech for this mission (A1 is an alternate recording)
\par 
\par [by Blake Crosby]
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl \b VOC Name\cell\pard \pard\intbl Type\cell\pard \pard\intbl Description\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl AX-SHING.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Sound Of An Axe\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl BEAM-1C.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Low Pitch Beam Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl BEAM-2A.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl High Pitch Beam Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl BEEP-01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Default Beep\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl BEEP-3.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Warning Horn\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl BEEP-6.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Buzzer\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl BREATH-1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Darth Vader Inhaling\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl BREATH-2.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Darth Vader Exhaling\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl BUCKLE1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Attaching A Buckle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl BUTTON-1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Default Button Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl DFLOCK.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Distant Sound (Explosion???)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl DFLOGO.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Sound Of Df Logo\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl DISTRESS.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Tak Base Distress Call \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl DIVE1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Dark Trooper Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl DIVE2.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Dark Trooper Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl DIVE3.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Dark Trooper Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl DOOR-1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Door\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl DS-LP-2.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Star Destroyer Engines Passing By\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl DT-DOOR2.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Big Door\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl DTLAUNCH.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Dark Trooper Launcher (Explosion??)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl DT-LOWER.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Mecanical Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl ELEV1-1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Elevator Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl EN-ZP-4.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Futuristic Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl EX-BIG-2.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl EXEC.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Star Destroyer's Engines\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl EX-FL-2.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl EX-GR-2.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl EX-GROM1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Distant Explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl GOGGLES1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Wistleing Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl GOGGLES2.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Wistleing Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl GUNCOCK.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Gun Cocking Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl HEART-1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Medical Machine Beep\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl HOLO1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Futuristic Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl HYD-CL-1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Click Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl HYD-CL-3.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Deeper Clicking Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl HYDROL-3.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Elevator Starting\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl HYP-IN-8.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Entering Hyperspace\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl INTCOM3.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Dark Trooper Release, Mark 1...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl INTCOM4.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Dark Trooper Test, Mark1...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl INTCOM5.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Medic 1, Medic 2, Medic 3\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl INTCOM6.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Launch Test 2, Launch Test 3\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl INTNARA1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Scrolling Text (First Third)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl INTNARB1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Scrolling Text (Middle Third)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl INTNARC1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Scrolling Text (Last Third)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl JABAHOLO.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Futuristic Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl JABGONE.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Futuristic Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl JHALO-ON.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Futuristic Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl LOGOMIX.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Lucasarts Logo\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01IMP01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Primary Drop Line Engage. Dropline One, Two Nine Release.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01KYL01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl This Is Too Easy, Now To Get To My Ship\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01KYL02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Interesting, This Sounds Like It Could Be An Imperial Attack... \line
Except For Those Sounds.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01KYL03.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl A New Stormtrooper That Can Take Out A Base That. Easy!\line
I Should've Kept Working For The Empire.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01KYL04.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl This Could Be Interesting, All Right I'm In\line
But I Think I'll Need Some Help On This One.\line
I Want Jan Ors As My Mission Officer.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01MMA01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Thank You Commander For Responding On Such Short...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01MMA02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl 5 Days Ago The Empire Attacked One Of Our Secret...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01MMA03.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Tak Base Was Destroyed Within Minutes, Many...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01MMA04.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Very Perceptive Commander, I Know You Understand That...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01MMA05.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl This Imperial Officer, Crix Madine Wishes To Defect...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01MMA06.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl The Rebel Command Is Not Taking This Lightly, They...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01MMA07.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Certainly, Then I Will Let Jan Further Brief You On...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01MOC01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Thank You Lord Vader, What I Will Unveil For You...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01MOC02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl With Pleasure\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01MOC03.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Dark Trooper Release\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01MOC04.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Certainly Lord Vader\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01MOC0A.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Thank You Lord Vader, What I Will Unveil Today...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01MOC0B.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl We Will Be Able To Decimate The Rebels Just As We...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01NAR01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Kyle Delivers The Plans To The Rebel Alliance...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01REB01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl This Is Tak Base To Anybody Out There, Please We...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01REB02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Total Devastation, They Broke Through Our Shields...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01VDR01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl The Emperor Has Approved Of Your Test Demonstration...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01VDR02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl A Noble Cause General, I Hope The Demonstration...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M01VDR03.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Very Impressive General The Emperor Will Be Most...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M02JAN01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Go Ahead Kyle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M02JAN02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Get Back To The Landing Pad And I Will Meet You There\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M02KYL01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Jan ?\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M02KYL02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Looks Like I Found Somthing That Could Help Us Out\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M03JAN01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl You're The Boss, Kyle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M03KYL01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Jan, I Found Moff Rebus; I'm Ready To Get Out Of This Mess\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M04JAN01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl That's All We Need, Lets Get Out Of Here I'm Getting Nervous\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M04KYL01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl I Found Some Interesting Looking Metal\line
I Think This May Offer Us Some Important Clues.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M05JAN01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Ok Kyle, Sounds Good To Me\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M05KYL01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Kyle To Jan, Charge Set Ready To Clear\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M05KYL02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Jan You Better Get Me Out Of Here\line
I Think I Just Finished Off A Dark Trooper.\line
I Don't Want To Find Out If There Are Any More Around.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M05KYL03.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl If That Thing Down There Is Any Indication Of What We Are \line
Dealing With, We're Going To Need More Fire Power.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M05MOC01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl This Contemptible Excuse For An Officer Will No Longer...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M05MOC02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl I Understand The Threat Lord Vader, Katarn Was Once An...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M05VDR01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Katarn Will Not Be As Easy To Deal With, He Is Very...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M06JAN01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Don't Hang Around\line
Let's Get Out Of Here Before Any More Dark Troopers Arrive.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M06KYL01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Ok Jan, I Rescued Madine\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M07JAN01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Picking Up The Signal, Looks Like We Are Done Here\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M07JAN02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Ok Kyle, Let's See Where These Smugglers Are Headed\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M07KYL01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Tracking Device Is Secured\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M08KYL01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Charge One Set\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M08KYL02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Charge Two Set\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M08KYL03.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl All Charges Set\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M08KYL04.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Woman After My Own Heart\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M08KYL05.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Ah Sh \{\-Static\'7d\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M09JAN01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Those Must Be Smuggler Routes To The Arc Hammer\line
I Think It's Time To Get Out Of Here.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M09JANA1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Those Must Be Smuggler Routes To The Arc Hammer\line
I Think It's Time To Get Out Of Here.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M09KYL01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Jan I Found The Imperial Nava Card\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M10JAB01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Jabba Speaking\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M10JAB02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Jabba Speaking\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M10JAB03.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Jabba Speaking\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M10JAB04.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Jabba Laughing And Speaking\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M10JAB05.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Jabba Speaking \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M10JAB06.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Jabba Speaking (Mad)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M10JAN01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Thanks I Thought I Was Done For\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M10KYL01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Jabba, What Have You Done With Jan?\line
If Any Harm Comes To Her I'll Personally Shove My Blaster Down Your Slimy Throat.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M10KYL02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl I Wish You Were Here Too Jabba, There Is Nothing Like Roasted Kell Dragon\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M10KYL03.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl No Time For Hugs, Lets Get Out Of Here\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M11JAN01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Good Job Kyle But You're Not Done Yet\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M11JAN02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Beautiful Kyle. Now Get That Data Tape And Get Your Mercenary Hide Out Of There. I Can't Stay Out Here Too Long Before Imperial Security..\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M11JAN03.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Kyle Something Strange Is Going Down Over Here! Get Back Here, I Mean It!\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M11JAN04.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Oh No! Kyle You Better Look Out I Just Saw \{\-Static\'7d\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M11JAN05.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Kyle Where Are You? I'm Back At The Landing Pad\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M11JAN06.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl I Had Tie Fighters All Over Me, I Had To Properly Dispose Of Them\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M11JANA6.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl I Had Tie Fighters All Over Me, I Had To Properly Dispose Of Them\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M11KYL01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Jan, I Cracked The Central Lock, I'm In\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M11KYL02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Nava Card Inserted And Decoding\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M11KYL03.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Data Tape Is In Hand I'm On My Way Out\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M11KYL04.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Where Were You Jan?\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M12IMP01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Smuggler's Ship, Your Flight Path Is Clear Begin Your Docking Procedure\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M12JAN01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Good Job Kyle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M12JAN02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Good Luck Kyle, And May The Force Be With You\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M12KYL01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Ok Jan, Smuggler's Ship Secured\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M12KYL02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Now Launching, I'll See You On The Dark Side Jan\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M13KYL01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Here We Go\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M16KYL01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl That's One\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M16KYL02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl That's Two\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M16KYL03.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl One More Left\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M16KYL04.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Jan Would Be Proud\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M16KYL05.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl There Is No Glory In War Mohc\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M16KYL06.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl For Freedom\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M16MOC01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl It's Been A Long Time Since I Have Challenged A Man In Battle\line
I'm Glad My Opponent Is So Worthy.\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M16MOC02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl You Were An Excellent Adversary, Commander; The Warrior's Flame Burns In...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M16MOC03.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl It Is Unfortunate That You Do Not Appreciate What I Am Building Here...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M16MOC04.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl No Glory? Then Why Do You Engage In This War?\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M16MOC05.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl You Delude Yourself Commander, We All Fight For Freedom; To Bad You Will...\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl M16VDR01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl This Is An Unfortunate Set Back, The Force Is Strong With Katarn\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl MEDISCAN.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Soft Buzzing Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl MEDSHIP3.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl A Frigate's Engines\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl MIL-NF-1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Swishing Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl MO8JAN01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Good Job, Let's Blow This Ice Cube!\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl PIGPUSH.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Burping Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl RANTRO01.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl There He Is Stop Him!\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl RANTRO02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl You There! Stop Where You Are!\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl RANTRO03.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Stop! Rebel Scum\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl RANTRO04.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl You Are Not Authorized In This Area\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl RANTRO05.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl You Are In Violation Of Imperial Law, Surrender Immediately\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl RANTRO06.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Halt!\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl RANTRO07.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Set Blasters On Full!\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl RANTRO08.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Blast Him!\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl RANTRO09.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Release Charges 1, 7, 11 And 9\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl RANTRO10.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl There Is An Intruder On The Premises, All Forces On Alert!\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl RANTRO11.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl DLG\cell\pard \pard\intbl Condition Red, Intruder Is Onboard\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl RAY.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Futuristic Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl RAY-OFF.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Futuristic Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl REMOTE-2.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Swishing Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl REV-UP-1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Futuristic Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl REV-UP-2.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Futuristic Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl SD-LP-1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Star Destroyer Engines\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl SHIPLOCK.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Locking Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl SH-NF-1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Crow's Engines Passing By\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl SLEEVE-2.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Swishing Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl SNORT.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Snorting Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl STEADY.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Engine Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl STRAP1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Clicking Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl TGT-02.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Soft Beeps\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl TGT-LP-7.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Soft Beep\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl TREPDO-2.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Swishing Sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl TUBE1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Elevator Moving/Doors Opening\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl XW-NF-1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl X-Wing Flying By\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft-66 \cellx1835\cellx2545\cellx9065\pard\intbl ZOOM1.VOC\cell\pard \pard\intbl SFX\cell\pard \pard\intbl Futuristic Sound\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up +}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up +} BROWSE0001:004f}
{\up $}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up $} Resources Cross Reference}
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 0ZLFI3}
\pard\keepn {\up K}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up K} cross reference;resources}
\b\fs32 RESOURCES CROSS REFERENCE
\par \pard \plain\f2\fs20 
\par The patcher's paradise !
\par Do you want to know which .voc plays when Boba Fett dies ? Here it is !
\par 
\par [by David Lovejoy]
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7755\pard\intbl \b Weapons\plain\f2\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \b Kyle Katarn\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7755\pard\intbl \plain\f2\ul\fs20 Assault Rifle\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 14KPLSP}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \ul Infra Red Goggles\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 4QJ279}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7755\pard\intbl \ul \ul Autogun\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1TJSFY}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \ul Ice Cleats\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1MYSLIH}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7755\pard\intbl \ul \ul Bryar Pistol\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 41ZHQ68}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \ul Gas Mask\plain\f2\fs20 {\v S_JPM.}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7755\pard\intbl \ul \ul Concussion Rifle\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 12QM0HU}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \ul Actions\plain\f2\fs20 {\v _2PZWC}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7755\pard\intbl \ul \ul Plasma Cannon / Missile Launcher\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 341Y04K}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \ul Misc. Pickup Stuff\plain\f2\fs20 {\v L6YMCH}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7755\pard\intbl \ul \ul Fusion Cutter\plain\f2\fs20 {\v SJG1FS}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \ul Misc. Pickup Goals\plain\f2\fs20 {\v L6YMCI}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7755\pard\intbl \ul \ul Kyle's Fists\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2MKRLED}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7755\pard\intbl \ul \ul Mines\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2MRRG6D}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7755\pard\intbl \ul \ul Mortar\plain\f2\fs20 {\v ZDF.8W}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7755\pard\intbl \ul \ul Thermal Detonator\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1GQY06}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7795\pard\intbl \b Imperial Enemies\plain\f2\fs20 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \b Other Enemies\plain\f2\fs20 \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7795\pard\intbl \ul \ul Commando\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 6M9KF3}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \ul Boba Fett\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1OKOOPP}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7795\pard\intbl \ul \ul Officer\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 48VX.J}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \ul Bossk\plain\f2\fs20 {\v KW4MT7}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7795\pard\intbl \ul \ul Interrogator Droid\plain\f2\fs20 {\v DW9M77}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \ul Gamorrean Guard\plain\f2\fs20 {\v FDZROE}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7795\pard\intbl \ul \ul Probe Droid\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2JVG1FD}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \ul Kell Dragon\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 8RN9A8}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7795\pard\intbl \ul \ul Remote Droid\plain\f2\fs20 {\v YYUHWD}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \ul Reeyees\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 54T4XWP}\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7795\pard\intbl \ul \ul Mousebot\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 2Z3X1V6}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \ul Dianoga\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1GE217} (Sewer bug)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7795\pard\intbl \ul \ul Phase 1 Dark Trooper\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1OFA0SF}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7795\pard\intbl \ul \ul Phase 2 Dark Trooper\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1OFA0SG}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7795\pard\intbl \ul \ul Phase 3 Dark Trooper (Mohc)\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1OFA0SH}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7795\pard\intbl \ul \ul Turret\plain\f2\fs20 {\v DA00PI}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx3825\cellx7795\pard\intbl \ul \ul Welder\plain\f2\fs20 {\v G13WPG}\cell\pard \pard\intbl \cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par 
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1TJSFY}
\pard \b Autogun
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  iautogun.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  autogun\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ipower.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ammo for autogun\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bullet.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  autogun bullet\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bullexp.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bullet explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Textures.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  autogun1.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  autogun at rest\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  autogun2.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  autogun firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  autogun3.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  autogun chamber rotating\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-tiny.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  gun shot hitting object\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  repeater.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  rapid fire autogun\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  repeat-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  single shot autogun\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  rep-emp.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  autogun empty\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 12QM0HU}
\pard \b Concussion Rifle
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  iconcus.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concussion rifle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ipower.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ammo\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concexp.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concussion blue explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Textures.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concuss1.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concussion rifle at rest\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concuss2.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concuss3.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  firing \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concuss1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concussion rifle empty\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concuss5.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concussion rifle firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concuss6.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concussion rifle empty ???\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-lrg1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  large explosion sound\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 341Y04K}
\pard \b Plasma Cannon / Missile Launcher
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  icannon.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma cannon\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  iplasma.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma power cells, dropped by DT\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  imsl.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missile pickup\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  imsls.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missiles pickup\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wplasma.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma cannon blue shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wmsl.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missile flying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missexp.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missile explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasexp.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma explosion \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Textures.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  assault1.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma cannon at rest\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  assault2.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma cannon firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  assault3.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missile launcher at rest\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  assault4.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missile launcher firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missile1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missile firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plas-emp.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma cannon empty\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma4.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma cannon firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-med1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma/missile explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bigrefl1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  hit by DT plasma cannon /missile\line
when supershield or laimlame on\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} SJG1FS}
\pard \b Fusion Cutter
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ifusion.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fusion cutter\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ipower.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ammo for fusion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  weimiss.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fusion ball shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  emisexp.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fusion shot explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Textures.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fusion1.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fusion cutter at rest\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fusion2.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  barrel #1 firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fusion3.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  barrel #2 firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fusion4.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  barrel #3 firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fusion5.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  barrel #4 firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fusion6.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  all barrels firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-tiny1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fusion shot explosion sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fusion1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fusion cutter shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fusion2.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fusion cutter empty\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2MKRLED}
\pard \b Kyle's Fists
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Textures.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  rhand1.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  right hand\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  punch1.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  left hand\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  punch2.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  left hand extending fully\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  punch3.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  left hand partially extended\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  punch.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Kyle's fist hitting something\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  swing.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fist swinging in empty air\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2MRRG6D}
\pard \b Mines
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  landmine.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  looks like a candle mine\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  imine.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  one upright mine pickup\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  imines.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mine pack pickup\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wmine.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mine on floor with light\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wlmine.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mine on floor no light\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mineexp.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  large white mine explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Textures.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  clay1.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mine in hand no light\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  clay2.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mine in hand with light\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  beep-10.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  beeps before exploding\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-lrg1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  large explosion sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  claymor1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laying mine sound\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par For exploding mines use wlmine.fme, wmine.fme, landmine.fme set logic to Land_mine.
\par Landmine.fme will appear in level as wmine.fme if set to Land_mine logic.
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ZDF.8W}
\pard \b Mortar
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  imortar.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar gun\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ishell.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  1 mortar shell pickup\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ishells.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar shells pickup\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wshell.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  flying mortar shell\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortexp.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Textures.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar1.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar gun at rest\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar2.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar gun firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar3.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar gun firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar4.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar gun chamber rotating\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-med1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar explosion sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar4.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar gun firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar2.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar gun empty\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar9.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mortar gun chamber rotating sound\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 41ZHQ68}
\pard \b Bryar Pistol
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Dark.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wrbolt.3do\cell\pard \pard\intbl  red laser shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  exptiny.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ienergy.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ammo for pistol\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Textures.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  pistol1.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  pistol at rest\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  pistol2.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  pistol firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  pistol3.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  pistol going to rest position\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-tiny1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser explosion sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  lasrby.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missed laser shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  pistol-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  pistol shot sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  pistout1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  pistol empty\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  boltref1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser shot hitting Kyle\line
 only when laimlame or supershield is on\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 14KPLSP}
\pard \b Assault Rifle
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Dark.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wrbolt.3do\cell\pard \pard\intbl  red laser shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ist-guni.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  horizontal laser rifle pickup\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ist-gunu.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  vetical laser rifle pickup\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ienergy.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ammo for laser rifle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  exptiny.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser shot explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Textures.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  rifle-1.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser rifle at rest\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  rifle-2.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser rfile firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-tiny1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser explosoin sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laserby.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missed shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  rifle-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  rifle single shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  riflout.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  rifle empty\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  boltref1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser hits Kyle\line
only when laimlame or supershield on\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1GQY06}
\pard \b Thermal Detonator
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  idet.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  1 thermal detonator pickup\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  idets.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  thermal detonators pickup\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wdet.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  thermal detonator for throwing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  detexp.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  thermal detonator explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Textures.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  therm1.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  thermal detonator in hand at rest\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  therm2.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  thermal detonator in right hand\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  therm3.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  empty right hand\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-small.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  thermal detonator explsion sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  thermal1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  thermal detonator bounce\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6M9KF3}
\pard \b Commando
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Dark.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wrbolt.3do \cell\pard \pard\intbl  red laser shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ist-guni.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser rifle horizontal position\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  exptiny.wax \cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  commando.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  commando\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ransto01.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  There he is stop him\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ransto02.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  You there stop where you are\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ransto03.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Stop rebel scum\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ransto04.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  You're not authorized in this area\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ransto05.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Surrender immediately\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ransto06.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Halt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ransto07.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Set blasters on full\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ransto08.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Blast him\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  st-hrt-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  commando hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  st-die-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  commando die\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-tiny1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  gun shot hitting wall\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  boltref1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  shot that hits Kyle from laser type weapon\line
only when supershield or laimlame used\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  lasrby.voc \cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser shot miss\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  rifle-1.voc \cell\pard \pard\intbl  rifle single shot\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par Files ransto01 - 08.voc are used in order each time a stormtrooper notices you.
\par Used only once in each sector but may also be used from an adjoining sector.
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 48VX.J}
\pard \b Officer
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Dark.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wrbolt.3do\cell\pard \pard\intbl  red laser shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  officin.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  officer\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  exptiny.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  shot explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ienergy.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ammo dropped by officin logic\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ikeyr.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  red key dropped by logic officinr\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ikeyb.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  blue key dropped by logic officnb\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ikeyy.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  yellow key dropped by logic officiny\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  det_code.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  blank det_code logic officin1-9\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ranofc02.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Stop where you are\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ranofc04.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  You're not authorized in this area\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ranofc05.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  You're in violation of imperial law\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ranofc06.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Halt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  st-hrt-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  officer hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  st-die-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  officer dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-tiny1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser shot explosion sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  lasrby.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser shot miss\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  boltref1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  shot hitting Kyle\line
only when laimlame or supershield is on\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par logics 1-5 are normaly used in game, Dfbrief1.lfd must be modified to include detcodes 6-9
\par TEXT.MSG already has coding added for detcodes 6-9
\par 
\par The ranofc02-6.voc files are used in order when ever an officer sees you, usually only once per sector, but will be used when seen from another adjoining sector
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DW9M77}
\pard \b Interrogator Droid
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ipower.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Ammo dropped by droid\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  widball.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  green ball shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  emisexp.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  droid shot explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  intdroid.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Interogator droid\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  intalert.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  droid ummmwwaa sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  instun.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  droid stunning at close range sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  probfir1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  droid firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-small.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  int droid exploding\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-tiny1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  shot exploding\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bigrefl1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  used when kyle hit by droid shot\line
 only when supershield or laimlame on\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  emisby.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  droid shot missing kyle\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2JVG1FD}
\pard \b Probe Droid
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Dark.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wrbolt.3do\cell\pard \pard\intbl  red laser shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  probe.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  probe droid\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ipower.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ammo dropped by probe droid\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  genexp.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  probe droid exploding\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  exptiny.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  probe droid laser shot explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  probe-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  enemy escape advance used when probe sees you\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  probfir1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  probe droid firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  probalm.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  probe about to explode\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-tiny1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser shot explosion sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  lasrby.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser shot missed Kyle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-med1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  probe exploding sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  boltref1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser shot hitting Kyle\line
used when laimlame or supershield on\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} YYUHWD}
\pard \b Remote Droid
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Dark.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wgbolt.3do\cell\pard \pard\intbl  green laser shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  remote.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  remote droid\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  exptiny.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  probfir.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  remote shooting\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  remote-2.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  remote psshhttt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-tiny1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser shot explosion sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  lasrby.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Laser shot misses kyle sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  boltref1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser hits kyle\line
 only when laimlame or supershield on\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2Z3X1V6}
\pard \b Mousebot
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Dark.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mousebot.3do\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mouse bot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ibattery.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  battery\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  dedmouse.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  deadmouse\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  eeek-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mouse squack\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  eeek-2.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mouse hit/hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  eeek-3.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mouse dying\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1OFA0SF}
\pard \b Phase 1 Dark Trooper
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase1.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase1 dark trooper\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase1a.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  neaahh used when sighted by phase1\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase1b.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  aaagh used when phase1 hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase1c.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase1 dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  sword-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  sword sound\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1OFA0SG}
\pard \b Phase 2 Dark Trooper
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase2.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase2 dark trooper\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  iplasma.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma power cells pickup\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  imsls.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missiles pickup\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wmsl.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  flying missile\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wplasma.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  blue plasma shot flying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missexp.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missile explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasexp.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase2a.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase 2 ahhgggiioooklok used when sighting kyle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase2b.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase 2 phutt die used when hit\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase3c.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase 2 dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  rocket-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase 2 flying (jetpack)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma4.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma cannon firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missile1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missile firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-med1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma/missile explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  emisby.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missed shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bigrefl1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  used when kyle hit by plasma or missile\line
only when laimlame or supershield is on\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1OFA0SH}
\pard \b Phase 3 Dark Trooper (Mohc)
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase3x.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase3 dark trooper (mohc)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wdt3msl.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase3 yellow balls fyling\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasexp.wax.\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missexp.wax.\cell\pard \pard\intbl  tracker balls explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wplasma.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  blue plasma shot flying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missile1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  tracker balls launch sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma4.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma cannon firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  tracker.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mechanical noise when tracker balls about to be launched\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  rocket-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase 3 flying (jetpack)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  emisby.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  missed plasma shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-med1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  plasma and tracker ball explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase3a.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mohc laugh\line
used in arc.inf, sector mohc_laugh\line
also used when first sighting Kyle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase3b.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase 3 hurt mrp oghh\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase3c.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phase 3 dying ooooooggghhhh\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bigrefl1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  used when Kyle hit by plasma or missile\line
only when laimlame or supershield is on\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  m16moc01.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  "It's been a long time since I challenged a man in battle"\line
used by arc.inf sector: voclev\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DA00PI}
\pard \b Turret
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Dark.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  gun.3do\cell\pard \pard\intbl  turret gun\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  base.3do\cell\pard \pard\intbl  turret base\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wgbolt.3do\cell\pard \pard\intbl  green laser\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  genexp.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  turret explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  exptiny.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser shot explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  turrent-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  turret firing \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-med1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  turret exploding sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  lasrby.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser shot miss\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-tiny1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  laser shot explosion\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} G13WPG}
\pard \b Welder
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Dark.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  weldarm.3do\cell\pard \pard\intbl  welder arm\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  weldbase.3do\cell\pard \pard\intbl  welder base\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  genexp.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  welder arm exploding\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-med1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  welder arm exploding sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  weld-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  welder arm moving long distance\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  weld-2.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  welder arm moving short distance\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  weldsht1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  welder arm hitting Kyle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  weldhrt.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  welder arm hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  weld-die.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  welder arm dying\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1OKOOPP}
\pard \b Boba Fett
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bobaball.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Boba Fett shots yellow balls\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  genexp.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Boba Fett ball explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bobafett.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Boba Fett\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fireball.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Boba Fett ball missed shot\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-med1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Boba Fett ball explosion sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  boba-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Boba Fett laughing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  boba-2.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Boba Fett firing weapon\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  boba-3.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Boba Fett hit \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  boba-4.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Boba Fett dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  rocket-2.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Boba Fett flying\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} KW4MT7}
\pard \b Bossk
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  iconcus.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concussion rifle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bossk.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bossk\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concexp.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concussion rifle explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bossk-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  hisstth when bossk sees you\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bossk-3.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bossk hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bosskdie.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bossk dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-lrg1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  large concussion explosion sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concuss5.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  concussion rifle firing\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bossk-2.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  not used\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} FDZROE}
\pard \b Gamorrean Guard
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  gamguard.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Gamorrean guard\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  gamor-3.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  guard sighting you grunt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  gamor-2.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  guard squeal when hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  gamor-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  guard dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  axe-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Axe sound\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 8RN9A8}
\pard \b Kell Dragon
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  kell.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Kell dragon\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  kelljump.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Kell jumping\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  kell-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Roar used when Kyle first spotted\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  kell-2.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  not used Kell dragon\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  kell-5.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  used when biting Kyle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  kell-7.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Kell dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  kell-8.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Kell hit or hurt\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 54T4XWP}
\pard \b Reeyees
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  reeyees.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  reeyees\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  idets.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  thermal detonators pickup\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  wdet.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  thermal detonator thrown\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  detexp.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  thermal detonator explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  reeyee-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  "hey hold up who's there"\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  reeyee-2.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  yooooggh reeyees hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  reeyee-3.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  youuuuggghh reeyees dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ex-small.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  thermal detonator explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  reeyee1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  not used\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  reeyee2.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  not used\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  reeyee3.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  not used\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  reeyee4.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  not used\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  thermal1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  thermal detonator bounce sound\line
 when thermal detonator hits ceiling or floor\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1GE217}
\pard \b Dianoga (Sewer Bug)
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  sewerbug.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Dianoga\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  creatur1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Dianoga low growl when it sees Kyle\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  creatur2.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Dianoga attacking\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  creathrt.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Dianoga hurt\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  creatdie.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Dianoga dying\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4QJ279}
\pard \b Infra Red Goggles
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  igoggles.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ir goggles\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ibattery.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  battery\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  goggles1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  goggles on\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  goggles2.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  goggles battery run down\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1MYSLIH}
\pard \b Ice Cleats
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  icleats.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ice cleats\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  cleat.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  walking with cleats on not used\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  snow.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  walking in snow not used\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} S_JPM.}
\pard \b Gas Mask
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  imask.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  gas mask\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Texures,gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  gmask.bm\cell\pard \pard\intbl  gas mask on face\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mask1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  breathe in sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mask2.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  breathe out sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  choke.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  choking in gas\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _2PZWC}
\pard \b Actions
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  splash.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  splash in liquid surface\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  health1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  used when health points go down\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  shield1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  used when shield points go down\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  crush.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  getting crushed\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  fall.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  falling yaaaaaahhhhh\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  kyledie1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Kyle dying\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  jump-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  jumping\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  land-1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  not used\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  splash1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  not used splash \cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  swimin.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  splash\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  weapon1.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  weapon pickup sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  scrshot.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  screen shot (with dark -shots)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  key.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  key pickup sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  comlete.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  completion sound\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bonus.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  bonus pickup sound\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} L6YMCH}
\pard \b Misc. Pickup Stuff
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  iinvinc.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  invincible\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  icharge.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  weapon super charge\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  irevive.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  revive\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ilife.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  extra life\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  imedkit.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  medkit\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ipile.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Kyle's kit used in jabbship level\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  iarmor.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  shield power up\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ikeyr.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  red key\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ikeyb.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  blue key\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  ikeyy.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  yellow key\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  det_code.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  blank det code\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sounds.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  quarter.voc\cell\pard \pard\intbl  used when invincible and supercharge running out\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} L6YMCI}
\pard \b Misc. Pickup Goals
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  Sprites.gob\cell\pard \pard\intbl  idplans.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  DeathStar plans\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  iphrik.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Phrik metal\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  inava.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Nava card\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  idtgun.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  default wax\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  idtgun.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  broken dark trooper weapon\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  phrik.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Phrik metal\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  idata.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Data card\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  jan.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Jan Ors\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  mofrebus.fme\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Moff Rebus\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3255\cellx8075\pard\intbl  "\cell\pard \pard\intbl  crix.wax\cell\pard \pard\intbl  Crix Madine\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DF0TWN}
\pard \b\fs16 Doom Note
\par \plain\f2\fs20 GOBS are quite similar in principle to DOOM WAD files, but at a higher level.
\par In fact, WADS directly contain the information or resources, but GOBS also contain complex files, themselves still containing multiple resources.
\par 
\par dark -umygob.gob is nearly equivalent to doom -file mywad.wad
\par You cannot however load multiple gobs in DF as you can load multiple wads in DOOM.
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1E929DK}
\pard \b\fs16 Doom Note
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Here is the correspondence between DARK FORCES and DOOM level components:
\par 
\par \trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7935\pard\intbl \b DF FILE\cell\pard \pard\intbl USE\cell\pard \pard\intbl DOOM EQUIVALENT\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7935\pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 name.LEV\cell\pard \pard\intbl geometry (static)\cell\pard \pard\intbl SECTORS, LINEDEFS/SIDEDEFS, VERTEXES\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7935\pard\intbl name.INF\cell\pard \pard\intbl workings (dynamic)\cell\pard \pard\intbl none, except the TAG concept\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7935\pard\intbl name.GOL\cell\pard \pard\intbl goals\cell\pard \pard\intbl none\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7935\pard\intbl name.O\cell\pard \pard\intbl objects\cell\pard \pard\intbl THINGS\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7935\pard\intbl name.PAL\cell\pard \pard\intbl palette\cell\pard \pard\intbl PLAYPAL 0 (not the 'hit' palettes)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph65\trleft274 \cellx1695\cellx3685\cellx7935\pard\intbl name.CMP\cell\pard \pard\intbl palette mappings\cell\pard \pard\intbl COLORMAP\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4KTX.UP}
\pard \b Doom note\plain\f2\fs20  :
\par The GOB structure is quite similar to that of a WAD file, the small difference is that in wads the MASTERN field is at the beginning of the file, between WAD_MAGIC and MASTERX.
\par Of course, the WAD_MAGIC is 'PWAD' or 'IWAD', not 'GOB' followed by 0x0A.
\par This distinction between master (IWAD) and patches (PWAD) doesn't exist in DF.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} UISHW}
\pard \b Doom note
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Layers are a whole new concept for DOOM levels designers.
\par It is possible in DF to have many sectors one above the others. 
\par This is completely impossible in DOOM.
\par 
\par The DF sectors are self-contained, by opposition to DOOM vertex and linedef sharing.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 17IZ12W}
\pard \b Doom note
\par \plain\f2\fs20 In Doom, the equivalent to an Adjoin/Mirror is the sharing of two vertices and a linedef between two sectors.
\par Contrary to a DF Wall, the linedef doesn't contain texturing information, this one being coded at the sidedef level.
\par 
\par There is no node building (BSP) to do on these levels.
\par There certainly are checks at level loading time, but a few tests on complicated sectors seem to show 'errors' in texturing or HOM problems.
\par In fact, it seems that big non-convex sectors are problematic.
\par Maybe you just have to try and create a few 'more convex' sectors instead.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} THTI62}
\pard \b Doom note
\par \plain\f2\fs20 This is exactly the same as DOOM texturing, just note that there are two different walls, not one linedef with two sidedefs.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 15ZJE8A}
\pard \b Doom note
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Unlike in DOOM, objects and logics are completely separate things in DF. The object will only be a visual thing -- it is the logic given to it that determines how it behaves. An object can be given any suitable logic, so the same viewable object could behave in different ways.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} I7NIFZ}
\pard \b stop:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par A stop is a value that an elevator can arrive at. This value varies depending on the class of elevator, and can be floor altitude, ceiling  altitude, ambience, degrees etc.  Stops can be used practically, such as different heights a lift stops at, or can be used purely for level control as elevators can also send a \uldb message\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 21KX8IE},  \ul page\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1XJ85BD} a sound, or create an \ul adjoin\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1.VRTSN} upon arriving at a stop.
\par 
\par Note: Elevators can have any number of stops. If no stops are given, the elevator will start at value 0 and keep increasing its value throughout the entire level. This may be appropriate for an "elevator scroll_floor", but not for an "elevator move_floor" !!!
\par 
\par Note: Door elevators should  NOT be given stops. They will have automatic stops set depending on the altitudes of the floor and ceiling of their sector.
\par 
\par \pard \i Usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | stop: [value1] [value2]
\par \f2 
\par The first value can be given in three ways:
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2155\cellx7825\pard\intbl \f4 | [num]\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 absolute stop\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2155\cellx7825\pard\intbl \f4 | @[num]\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 relative stop\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2155\cellx7825\pard\intbl \f4 | [sectorname]\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 equal the value of the sector [sectorname]\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par The second value can be given in 4 ways:
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2155\cellx7825\pard\intbl \f4 | [time]\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 time in sec that elevator remains at stop\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2155\cellx7825\pard\intbl \f4 | hold\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 elevator will remain at stop indefinitely\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2155\cellx7825\pard\intbl \f4 | terminate\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 elevator will stay at the stop permanently\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx2155\cellx7825\pard\intbl \f4 | complete\cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 mission will be complete when elev arrives at stop\cell\intbl\row
\pard \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1A6KI4D}
\pard \b slave:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par A slave of an elevator will follow whatever the elevator does does. However, if relative stops are used, the slave may not necessarily have the exact same actions. For example, a sector with "elevator move_floor" may have a floor  altitude of 0 and a slave of it may have a floor alt of 4. When the elevator  moves to "stop: @5" the slave will move to altitude 9.
\par 
\par \i Usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | slave: [slave sectorname]
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IPAW6J}
\pard \f2\b elevator change_light 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Changes the AMBIENT of a sector, i.e. changes the light
\par level in a sector.
\par 
\par Stop values are sector ambience.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} IFL551}
\pard \b elevator basic
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Changes FLOOR ALTITUDE of a sector.
\par 
\par Stop values are the altitude of the floor.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2MY_5Y.}
\pard \b elevator inv 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Changes the CEILING ALTITUDE of a sector. 
\par Often used for making doors (as you can set Smart Object Reactions).
\par 
\par Stop values are the altitude of the ceiling.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 0OEO78}
\pard \b elevator move_floor 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Changes the FLOOR ALTITUDE of a sector.
\par The difference from "elevator basic" is that the smart object flag does not affect this elevator.
\par 
\par Stop values are the altitude of the floor.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1PHO5CE}
\pard \b elevator move_ceiling 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Changes the CEILING ALTITUDE of a sector. 
\par The difference from "elevator inv" is that the smart object flag does not affect this elevator.
\par 
\par Stop values are the altitude of the ceiling.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1ECG8GX}
\pard \b elevator move_fc 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Changes both the FLOOR ALTITUDE and CEILING ALTITUDE of a sector, i.e. the floor and ceiling will move up and down together.
\par 
\par Stop values are the altitude of the floor.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} DZYC3W}
\pard \b elevator scroll_floor
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Scrolls the floor texture of a sector. Player moves with the floor texture by default, but see the \ul FLAGS\plain\f2\fs20 {\v EHF4AR} variable.
\par 
\par Stop values are distances in pixels ( x by 8 to get distances in level geometry units).
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 9ITQ2V}
\pard \b elevator scroll_ceiling 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Scrolls the ceiling texture of a sector.
\par 
\par Stop values are distances in pixels ( x by 8 to get distances in level geometry units).
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2W2B8V}
\pard \b elevator move_offset
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Changes the SECOND ALTITUDE of a sector.
\par 
\par Stop values are second altitude.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} GVQ9.C}
\pard \b elevator basic_auto 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Changes the FLOOR ALTITUDE of a sector, but returns to altitude 0 after cycling through all its stops. From there, its event needs to be triggered twice to move it to its first stop again. Otherwise, seems to be the same as elevator_basic.
\par 
\par Stop values are floor altitude.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} AWHIE2}
\pard \b elevator change_wall_light 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Changes the LIGHT of any walls in the sector with flag 1  bit 8 (allow change wall light), i.e. the relative light level  of a wall to the sector will change.
\par 
\par Note: this elevator won't work if the sector's AMBIENT is 31, in  the same way that the LIGHT field of walls won't work in the same  case.
\par 
\par Stops values are wall light.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} WN.DM5}
\pard \b elevator morph_move1 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Translates the VERTEX positions of any walls in the sector with  flag 1 bit 32 (wall morph with sector). The entire wall will  translate on the X-Z plane.
\par 
\par If the walls are adjoined, their mirrors also need to move so  should also be set with flag 1 bit 32.
\par 
\par The PLAYER will by default not move with the walls. (but see the \ul FLAGS\plain\f2\fs20 {\v EHF4AR} variable).
\par 
\par Stop values are distances on the X-Z (horizontal) plane relative  to the starting location of the wall.
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} WN.DM6}
\pard \b elevator morph_move2 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Same as \ul elevator morph_move1\plain\f2\fs20 {\v WN.DM5} except  the PLAYER will by default move relative to the walls if it  is in the sector (but see the \ul FLAGS\plain\f2\fs20 {\v EHF4AR} variable).
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} WT_7V5}
\pard \b elevator morph_spin1 
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Rotates the VERTEX positions of any walls in the sector with  flag 1 bit 32 (wall morph with sector). The entire wall will  rotate on the X-Z plane.
\par 
\par If the walls are adjoined, their mirrors also need to move so  should also be set with flag 1 bit 32.
\par 
\par The PLAYER will by default not spin with the walls (but see the \ul FLAGS\plain\f2\fs20 {\v EHF4AR} variable).
\par 
\par Stop values are angles in degrees.
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} WT_7V6}
\pard \b elevator morph_spin2 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Same as \ul elevator morph_spin1\plain\f2\fs20 {\v WT_7V5} except  the PLAYER will spin relative to the walls if it is in the  sector (but see the \ul FLAGS\plain\f2\fs20 {\v EHF4AR} variable).
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1DC87LK}
\pard \b elevator move_wall
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par This is the same as \ul elevator morph_move1\plain\f2\fs20 {\v WN.DM5}  except that it has a default event_mask of 0.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} XPXZG9}
\pard \b elevator rotate_wall
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par This is the same as \ul elevator morph_spin1\plain\f2\fs20 {\v WT_7V5}  except that it has a default event_mask of 0.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_V.TE5}
\pard \b elevator scroll_wall
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Scrolls texture(s) of any walls in the sector with flag 1  bit 64/128/256/512 (allow scroll mid/top/bot/sign texture).  Stop values are distances in pixels ( x by 8 to get distances  in level geometry units)
\par 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CJJQOG}
\pard \b elevator door
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Instant door. Note, that it is easier to just use flag 1 bit 2  on a sector for an instant door. Elevator door is only really  needed if you want to alter variables, for example, create  a key door.
\par 
\par Stops and event_mask are set automatically - just make sure that  the ceiling altitude of the sector is when the door is OPEN.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} NGWLRI}
\pard \b elevator door_mid
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Instant 2 part door (opens upwards AND downwards). Information for the  top and bottom parts are specified individually (so if you want to set a  key, you have to set it to both halves of the door).
\par 
\par i.e.
\par \f4 | class: elevator door_mid
\par |  addon: 0
\par |  [info for the top part]
\par |  addon: 1
\par |  [info for the bottom part]
\par \f2 
\par Stops and event_mask are set automatically - just make sure the  floor and ceiling altitudes of the sector are of the door  when it is OPEN.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2P8PGH5}
\pard \b elevator door_inv
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par A door that opens downwards. Otherwise, the same as any other door  elevator.
\par 
\par Stops and event_mask are set automatically - just make sure that  the floor altitude of the sector is when the door is OPEN.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} LUEKAD}
\pard \b client:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Used with triggers, client defines which sector(s) a message is sent to when the trigger is triggered.
\par 
\par \i Usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | client: [client sectorname]
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 6.K0EQ}
\pard \f2\b trigger standard
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par This can be applied to a sector (entering, leaving, nudging it etc.) or a line (crossing, nudging it etc.). Can't be used with switches, or you get a single vertical line where the sign  should be.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} E1ZXNU}
\pard \b trigger
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Exactly the same as trigger standard as far as I know (maybe  because trigger standard is the default trigger? So if there's  a default trigger and a default message than what's the default elevator???)
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 11QIJOV}
\pard \b trigger switch1
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par This is used specifically for switches. Remember, the wall containing the switch must have a sign which is a switch texture.  When the switch is pressed, the first texture will change to  the second texture in the multiple bm. The second texture can't  be pressed - a \ul message: done\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 1MYATEP} must be sent to change  the switch back to the first texture. This can be done as many times as you like.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1YYKUF3}
\pard \b trigger single
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par This is a trigger that is used with switches. The switch can  only be pressed ONCE. Once the switch is on its second texture,  it will remain there even if a "message: done" is sent.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_V8UYN}
\pard \b trigger toggle
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par This is a trigger that is used with switches. The switch can  be pressed while showing either texture, so there's no need  for "message: done".
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 4OUGYVE}
\pard \b master:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Determines whether an elevator or trigger is able to function.
\par 
\par \i Usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | master: on|off
\par \f2 
\par \i Default:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | master: on
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} JDKGM3}
\pard \f2\b event_mask:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Determines what event will operate an elevator or trigger.  The event, when carried out, will move an elevator to its next stop, or trigger a trigger.
\par 
\par \i event_mask values
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx6655\pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 1\cell\pard \pard\intbl Cross line from front side\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx6655\pard\intbl 2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl Cross line from back side\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx6655\pard\intbl 4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl Enter sector\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx6655\pard\intbl 8 \cell\pard \pard\intbl Leave sector\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx6655\pard\intbl 16 \cell\pard \pard\intbl Nudge line from front side / Nudge sector from inside\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx6655\pard\intbl 32 \cell\pard \pard\intbl Nudge line from back side /  Nudge sector from outside\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx6655\pard\intbl 64 \cell\pard \pard\intbl Explosion\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx6655\pard\intbl 256 \cell\pard \pard\intbl Shoot or punch line (see \ul entity_mask\plain\f2\fs20 {\v WM4ZXE})\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx6655\pard\intbl 512 \cell\pard \pard\intbl Land on floor of sector\cell\intbl\row
\pard (The above are bit values, so are added up when more than one are needed.)
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx6655\pard\intbl * or -1\tab \cell\pard \pard\intbl All bits set\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx6655\pard\intbl Custom values\tab \cell\pard \pard\intbl Triggered by triggers with an event: or by certain messages with the custom value as a parameter.\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par \i Usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | event_mask: [value]
\par \plain\f0\fs20 
\par \f2 See \ul Defaults\plain\f2\fs20 {\v 5422GE}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 5422GE}
\pard \b event_mask defaults
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par (elevs basic, inv, basic_auto)
\par \f4 | event_mask: 52
\par \f2 
\par (elevs morph_move1, morph_move2, morph_spin1, morph_spin2)
\par \f4 | event_mask: 60
\par \f2 
\par (other elevators)
\par \f4 | event_mask: 0
\par \f2 
\par (all triggers)
\par \f4 | event_mask: *
\par \f2 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EGP8HS}
\pard \b event:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Creates a custom event value  for a trigger. The trigger will then only affect an elevator class with this event value set in its \ul event_mask\plain\f2\fs20 {\v JDKGM3}. The custom value should  be a bit value (i.e. a power of 2) so that it can be added with the other  custom and preset bits (this works fine). LEC always uses 65536 onwards so  I suggest you do this too. However, it seems that you do not HAVE to use a  bit value because in EXECUTOR.INF LEC uses 2621444 (note the extra 4) and  it works OK. But I don't suggest you do this.
\par 
\par Event: is needed with multi-class elevators or triggers where each class is  controlled by a separate trigger. For example in the Research Facility  (level 4), the sector called "Corecat" (spins around the Phrik metal) is  two classes of elevator - elevator move_fc and elevator morph_spin2. Two switches control these classes individually. If the "event" variable was  not used, both switches would move both classes of elevator to its next  stop at the same time. Utilising the event variable, it is made possible  to have one switch control the spinning and the other control the moving  floor/ceiling.
\par \pard 
\par \i Usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | event: [value]
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} WM4ZXE}
\pard \f2\b entity_mask:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Defines the entity that triggers a trigger
\par 
\par \i entity_mask values
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx2685\pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 1\cell\pard \pard\intbl Enemy\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx2685\pard\intbl 8 \cell\pard \pard\intbl Weapon\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx2685\pard\intbl 2147483648 \cell\pard \pard\intbl Player\cell\intbl\row
\pard (The above are bit values, so are added up when more than one are needed.)
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx2685\pard\intbl * or -1 \cell\pard \pard\intbl All bits set\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par Note: Enemies and weapons (laser bolts, rockets etc.) can enter and leave  sectors and cross lines just like the PLAYER, but can't nudge or land on the  floor. i.e. you can use entity_mask values 1 and 8 with event_mask values  1, 2, 4 and 8 but NOT with 16, 32 and 512. 
\par 
\par \i Usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | entity_mask: [value]
\par \f2 
\par \i Default:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | entity_mask: 2147483648
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 183V7VS}
\pard \f2\b speed:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Determines the speed that an elevator moves between stops. If speed: 0 is set the elevator will move between stops instantaneously.
\par 
\par \i Usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | speed: [value]
\par \f2 
\par \i Default:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par Different for each type of elevator.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EUN4LS}
\pard \b start:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Determines which stop an elevator starts at, right at the start of a level after it has loaded up.
\par 
\par \i Usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | start: [stopnum]
\par \f2 
\par \i Default:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | start: 0
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 14V217K}
\pard \f2\b center:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Used with rotating elevators, center defines the coordinates of the center of revolution.
\par 
\par \i Usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | center: [x coord] [z coord]
\par \f2 
\par \i Default:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | center: 0 0
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} ECH0FD}
\pard \f2\b angle:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Used with texture-scrolling or horizontally moving elevators, angle defines the direction in which the texture will scroll or the sector will move. For scrolling walls, angle: 0 is down. For scrolling floors,  scrolling ceilings and moving sectors, angle: 0 is north.
\par 
\par \i Usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | angle: [value in degrees]
\par \f2 
\par \i Default:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | angle: 0
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2IX33W}
\pard \f2\b key:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Defines which key is needed to manually trigger the event of an  elevator. Key is optional, of course.
\par 
\par \i Usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | key: red|blue|yellow
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EHF4AR}
\pard \f2\b flags:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Determines whether or not the player moves with a morphing or a horizontally scrolling elevator.
\par 
\par \i flag values
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx385\cellx2835\pard\intbl \plain\f2\fs20 1\cell\pard \pard\intbl Move on floor\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx385\cellx2835\pard\intbl 2 \cell\pard \pard\intbl Move on 2nd altitude\cell\intbl\row
\pard 
\par These are bit values, so can be added (3) for moving on both the floor  AND 2nd alt.
\par 
\par Note: In FUELSTAT.INF (I think) you may find "flags: 7". This suggests that there is a value for 4 as well.
\par 
\par Note: In some places in the original levels, flags is set on vertically moving elevators like move_floor and move_fc. I'm not sure whether this is a mistake, or if flags do something different here.
\par \i 
\par Usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | flags: [value]
\par \f2 
\par See \ul Defaults\plain\f2\fs20 {\v XEX0S8}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} XEX0S8}
\pard \b flag defaults
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par (elevs scroll_floor, morph_move2, morph_spin2)
\par \f4 | flags: 3
\par \f2 
\par (elevs scroll_ceiling, morph_move1, morph_spin1, move_wall, rotate_wall)
\par \f4 | flags: 0
\par \f2 
\par Note: all slaves will have flags set to 0.\f4 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} EUIHHC}
\pard \f2\b sound:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Sets the sound effects of the elevator or trigger. Elevators have  3 sound effects - leaving a stop (1), moving between stops (2), and arriving  at a stop (3). Triggers only have one sound - when triggered.
\par 
\par \i Usage (elevators):\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | sound: [sound value (1, 2 or 3)] [VOC file]
\par \f2 
\par \i Usage (triggers):\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | sound: [VOC file]
\par \f2 
\par Note: Setting "0" in place of [VOC file] makes the sound effect silent.
\par 
\par See \ul Defaults\plain\f2\fs20 {\v CO.AQK}
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CO.AQK}
\pard \b sound defaults
\par \plain\f2\fs20 (elevs change_light, change_wall_light, scroll_floor, scroll_ceiling,  and scroll_wall)
\par \f4 | sound: 1 0
\par | sound: 2 0
\par | sound: 3 0
\par \f2 
\par (elevs move_floor, move_fc, basic, basic_auto, change_offset, door_inv and bottom half of door_mid)
\par \f4 | sound: 1 elev2-1.voc
\par | sound: 2 elev2-2.voc
\par | sound: 3 elev2-3.voc
\par \f2 
\par (elevs move_ceiling, inv, morph_move1, morph_move2, morph_spin1, morph_spin2, move_wall, rotate_wall and top half of door_mid)
\par \f4 | sound: 1 door2-1.voc
\par | sound: 2 door2-2.voc
\par | sound: 3 door2-3.voc
\par \f2 
\par (elevator door)
\par \f4 | sound: 1 door.voc
\par | sound: 2 0
\par | sound: 3 0
\par \f2 
\par (trigger standard)
\par \f4 | sound: 0
\par \f2 
\par (triggers switch1, single and toggle)
\par \f4 | sound: switch3.voc
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 44LWB4}
\pard \f2\b object_mask:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par This seems to work like event_mask when used with an elevator, and like entity_mask when used with a trigger.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 10DIL8I}
\pard \b m_trigger
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Triggers the event of an elevator or trigger (no matter what its  event_mask value is).
\par An elevator will be moved to its next stop, and a trigger will be triggered.
\par 
\par Sent from an elevator.
\par 
\par Sent to a line trigger or sector trigger or an elevator.
\par 
\par \i Parameters:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1985\cellx9175\pard\intbl \f4 [event value]\f2     -- \tab \cell\pard \pard\intbl optional -- the message will only be sent to the class with this event value set in its event_mask\cell\intbl\row
\pard \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} CHKOLV}
\pard \b goto_stop
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Sends an elevator to a specified stop.
\par 
\par Sent from a trigger or an elevator.
\par 
\par Sent to an elevator.
\par 
\par \i Parameters:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 [num]\f2 \tab --\tab Stop number to send elevator to.
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} _5V_3S}
\pard \b next_stop
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Sends an elevator to its next stop.
\par 
\par Sent from an elevator or trigger.
\par 
\par Sent to an elevator.
\par 
\par \i Parameters:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1985\cellx9175\pard\intbl \f4 [event value]\f2  \tab \cell\pard \pard\intbl optional -- the message will only be sent to the class with this event value set in its event_mask\cell\intbl\row
\pard \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 12IFEN}
\pard \b prev_stop
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Sends an elevator to its previous stop.
\par 
\par Sent from an elevator or trigger.
\par 
\par Sent to an elevator.
\par 
\par \i Parameters:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1985\cellx9175\pard\intbl \f4 [event value]\f2  \tab \cell\pard \pard\intbl optional -- the message will only be sent to the class with this event value set in its event_mask\cell\intbl\row
\pard \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 2BC63GD}
\pard \b master_on
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Turns an elevator's or trigger's master on.
\par This message also turns on all generators in the recipient  sector with "master: off" set in the .O file.
\par 
\par Sent from an elevator or trigger.
\par 
\par Sent to an elevator or trigger (or a normal sector with generators in it).
\par 
\par \i Parameters:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1985\cellx9175\pard\intbl \f4 [event value]\f2  \tab \cell\pard \pard\intbl optional -- the message will only be sent to the class with this event value set in its event_mask\cell\intbl\row
\pard \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} E5B75I}
\pard \b master_off
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Turns an elevator's or trigger's master off.
\par 
\par Sent from an elevator or trigger.
\par 
\par Sent to an elevator or trigger.
\par 
\par \i Parameters:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1985\cellx9175\pard\intbl \f4 [event value]\f2  \tab \cell\pard \pard\intbl optional -- the message will only be sent to the class with this event value set in its event_mask\cell\intbl\row
\pard \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} HV_N.K}
\pard \b set_bits
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Sets specified flag bits to a sector or wall. To set more than one bit, add up the bit values that you want to be set.
\par 
\par Sent from a trigger or elevator.
\par 
\par Sent to a sector or wall.
\par 
\par \i Parameters:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3825\pard\intbl \f4 [flagnum\f2 ]   --\f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 flag number (1, 2 or 3)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3825\pard\intbl \f4 [bitnum\f2 ]   --\f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 bit value to set\cell\intbl\row
\pard \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 14II23W}
\pard \b clear_bits
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Clears specified flag bits from a wall or sector. To clear more than one bit, add the bit values up that you want cleared.
\par 
\par Sent from a trigger or elevator.
\par 
\par Sent to a sector or wall.
\par 
\par \i Parameters:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3825\pard\intbl \f4 [flagnum\f2 ]   --\f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 flag number (1, 2 or 3)\cell\intbl\row
\trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1555\cellx3825\pard\intbl \f4 [bitnum\f2 ]   --\f4 \cell\pard \pard\intbl \f2 bit value to clear\cell\intbl\row
\pard \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 39GWYW6}
\pard \b complete
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Tells the GOL file that a trigger goal has been completed, updating the objective screen. Also moves recipient elevator to its next stop.
\par 
\par Sent from a trigger or an elevator.
\par 
\par Sent to an elevator (preferably to your "complete" elevator as it will also be moved one stop closer to its complete stop).
\par 
\par \i Parameters:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \trowd\trgaph105\trleft-106 \cellx1125\cellx9175\pard\intbl \f4 [num]\f2     --\cell\pard \pard\intbl refers to the "TRIG: [num]" in the GOL file. The corresponding goal in your PDA will then be shown to be complete (if your ANIM is done correctly, that is!!!)\cell\intbl\row
\pard \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1MYATEP}
\pard \b done
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Puts a switch on its first texture - it can be pressed again  (UNLESS it is a trigger single).
\par 
\par Sent from an elevator.
\par 
\par Sent to a line trigger.
\par 
\par \i Parameters:\plain\f2\fs20  none
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 20LLPCG}
\pard \b wakeup
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par VUEs with "PAUSE: TRUE" will be played through once when this message is sent to the sector containing the 3DO object.
\par 
\par Sent from an elevator.
\par 
\par Sent to a sector.
\par 
\par \i Parameters:\plain\f2\fs20  none
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1_K.SV0}
\pard \b lights
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Toggles the ambience of ALL sectors in the level between their original setting and the value of sector flag 3. Using sector flag 3 bits 1, 2, 4, 8, and 16 it is possible to make any ambient level from 0 to 31.
\par 
\par Sent from an elevator or trigger.
\par 
\par Sent to the SYSTEM (treat it like a sector with name "system", but make sure there are NO actual sectors called "system" anywhere in your level!
\par 
\par \i Parameters:\plain\f2\fs20  none
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1XJ85BD}
\pard \b page:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Plays a sound effect when an elevator arrives at a stop. "Page:" is  placed in an elevator's sequence.
\par 
\par \i Usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | page: [stopnum] [VOC file]
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} I7O0P3}
\pard \f2\b text:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par Displays a text message from TEXT.MSG when a trigger is triggered. "Text:" is placed  in a trigger's sequence.
\par 
\par \i Usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | text: [text number in text.msg] 
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 1.VRTSN}
\pard \f2\b adjoin:
\par 
\par \plain\f2\fs20 Adjoins a line to another line when an elevator arrives at a stop,  removing any adjoins it had with a previous line. This is required if you  need a line to remove its adjoin with one line and adjoin with another  line midway through a level. "Adjoin" is placed in an elevator's sequence.
\par 
\par For example, in level 6 (detention center), you may notice that the 2  main lifts have a door on each layer adjoined to it on the same line.  Since a line cannot be adjoined to more than one other line at once,  the following occurs: midway through moving up between 2 layers, the  elevator move_floor arrives at a stop which it remains at for 0 seconds.  At this stop, a line of the lift sector is adjoined to a line of the door  sector on the layer above, at the same time removing its adjoin with a  line of the door sector on the layer below. The lift's doors all appear  to be directly on top of each other.
\par \pard 
\par \i Usage:\plain\f2\fs20 
\par \f4 | adjoin: [stopnum] [sector1] [line1] [sector2] [line2]
\par \page
{\up #}{\footnote\pard\plain{\up #} 20260KM}
\pard \f2\b texture:
\par \plain\f2\fs20 
\par [by Anthony Hall]
\par 
\par The texture: command's format is like this:
\par 
\par \f4 texture: [stopnum] [flag] [donor]
\par \f2 
\par This command will copy the texturing from one specified sector to another one.  It must be used in the INF entry of the sector that will be changed. [donor] is the sector to copy a texture from.  The flag tells whether to copy ceiling to ceiling texture or floor to floor.  If the flag starts with a letter then ceiling textures will be used.  If it's a number then floors will be used.
\par 
\par I haven't been able to get it to work with walls or in trigger INF entries though.
\par \page
\pard 
\par }